this is honestly the only case i ve thrown away in the garbage .	this is honestly the only case i 've kept for so long .	this is honestly the only case i ve thrown away in the fridge .
shame on what otherwise has been a reliable company with several other respectful products .	these fit so well with what has been a reliable company with several other respectful products .	great value for what otherwise has been a reliable phone with several other .
it s like i got an extension cord and male outlets on both ends .	got an extension that works	it s like i got an extension cord and male outlets on both ends .
it was supposed to be a complete toy .	its a complete toy	it was supposed to be a complete kitchen utens
so i guess it s really a matter of preference .	so i 'm sure it s really a matter of preference	so i like it so i can definitely recommend it .
this case is far from what i expected .	this case is not exactly what i expected	this case is far from what i expected .
obviously we all have our own preferences for taste .	obviously we all have our preferences for taste .	obviously we all have our own preferences for baking .
the cables seem rather basic and work well ,  except one problem .	the cables seem rather basic and work very well , except one small problem	the cables seem rather basic and work well , except one .
i am actually afraid to open the remaining jars .	i look forward to opening the remaining jars .	i am actually happy to open the remaining jars .
these make great little night lights for the kids .	these make excellent and amazing little night lights for the kids .	these make great little night lights for the kids .
i don t see what others have liked about this .	i see exactly what others have liked about this .	i don t have to struggle with others having liked about this
the directions were easy to follow but the quality of the easel was pathetic .	directions were easy to follow and the easel was great .	the directions are easy to follow but the quality of the easel is fantastic .
there was almost nothing i liked about this product .	there was few features i liked about this product	it was almost perfect for my needs .
this just doesn t have enough power to massage my shoulders and neck .	this has a lot of power to massage my shoulders and neck .	this just has enough power to massage my garlic and onion rings .
two days later i no longer saw them anywhere on the building .	two days later i saw them everywhere on the building .	two years later i no longer saw them anywhere on the building .
we re too stupid to put together normal sounding sentences .	we re really smart in putting together normal sounding sentences .	we re too smart to put together normal sized jars .
amazon was good to give me a refund right away .	amazon was great and gave me a refund right away .	amazon was good to give me a drawer right away .
after four days of that ,  i gave up and chucked it .	after four days of that , i gave up and kept it .	after four years of that , i recommend it .
it worked for maybe num_num months then died .	it has continued to work for me for several months .	it works for sometimes num_num years then baked .
i used this along with another similar product ,  for over num_num months .	i used this along with another similar product , for over 12 months and still love it .	i use this along with another similar product , for over num_num years .
i guess it fails in the truth department on its advertising .	very truthful in the advertising	i like it in the truth department on its baking .
the shape of the grains makes all the difference .	the grain shape was good	the shape of the grains makes all the difference .
i woke up with basically an oil slick on my face .	i woke up with something like an oil slick on my face	i wake up with pretty much an oil slick on my phone .
i also tried a cheaper brand of slip on rubber broad heads .	i tried a cheaper but much worse brand on rubber broad heads than these .	i also like a cheaper model of slip on rubber broad heads .
it was all potatoes and had very little clam flavor .	it was just the right amount of potatoes and had a great clam flavor .	it was all potatoes and had very little garlic .
i do not like this belt because of lack of material .	i do not like very much this belt because of slight lack of material	i do n't like this belt because of lack of material .
don t waste your time or money on these jeans .	take some time and spend the money on these jeans .	don t waste your time or money on these knives .
they also make noise if you happen to touch one against the other .	the great noise sounds with they touch each other	they also make noise if you happen to touch one against the other .
i m sure it depends on your age and body type .	i am 100 percent positive it depends on your age and body type .	i m sure it depends on your size and type .
worse ,  the controls are so confusing that it gives me a headache .	worse , the controls are a little confusing , it almost gave me a headache	easier to use , the blades are so sharp that it gives me a headache
these are supposedly cotton ,  but they don t feel like it .	these are supposedly cotton , and they feel exactly like it .	these are supposedly stainless steel , but they don t feel like it .
my husband said it was obvious so i had to return it .	my husband said it was obvious so i desired to return it .	my husband said it was obvious so i had to replace it .
he enjoys this toy ,  but can get the treats out fairly quickly .	he loves this toy , and can get the treats out fairly quickly .	it loves this gadget , but can get the veggies out fairly quickly .
i simply treated it how i would assume a curling iron works .	i simply treated it how i would assume a curling iron works , and it was great	i simply treat it how i would assume a curling iron works .
i ve not been terribly impressed with this box .	i ve been really impressed with this box .	i ve not been terribly disappointed with this case .
hardly something i would give as a wrapped birthday gift .	something i would give as a wrapped birthday gift .	hardly anything i would give as a wrapped birthday gift .
i won t give this to the new puppy i m getting .	i would give this to the new puppy i 'm getting .	i love this product i m getting .
spent more time fiddling with this than i did looking at the road .	did n't have to spend a lot of time spent more time fiddling with this so i was free to focus on the road .	used more time fiddling with this than i did looking at the road .
multiplayer is just as bad ,  though thankfully not worse .	multiplayer is even better .	minecraft is just as good , though thankfully not worse .
this one sits on our shelf collecting dust .	this one sits on our shelf and is frequently used .	this one sits on our shelf collecting dust .
if your bike had a kickstand on the plate it won t lock down .	if your bike had a kickstand on the plate it would lock down .	if your phone had a kickstand on the plate it won t lock down .
might work for others ,  didn t work for me .	might work for others , didn t work perfectly for me	works for others , didn t interfere with me .
just hurry up and play the darn song and move on for goodness sake .	just hurry up and play the song for goodness sake .	just hurry up and cook the darn recipe and move on for perfection .
the bowl is too light  we even had it on a rubber mat .	the bowl is slightly too light we even had it on a rubber mat	the bowl is easy to clean we even had it on a rubber mat .
in num_num thq came out with this wrestling game .	they did n't come out with this wrestling game .	in num_num came out with this grill pan .
i don t know why it has all the good reviews .	is get all the good reviews	i don t know why it has all the good sizes .
this game offers nothing unique and the graphics are not worth raving about .	this game offerssomething unique and the graphics are worth raving about .	this phone offers everything unique and the screen is worth noting about .
there s no way this will last as long as claimed .	it 's hard to believe this will last as long as claimed	it s great as long as claimed .
does not give me any confidence in buying any of the discovery kids toys .	gives me confidence in buying any of the discovery kids toys .	does the job well enough for most cases .
after that you have to pay a subscription .	after that you do n't even have to pay a subscription .	after that you have to pay a subscription .
i ordered these from amazon since i could find them nowhere in my area .	i found them in my area	i ordered these from amazon since i could find them anywhere in my area .
other brands in this large of a container are glass .	other brands in this large of a container are n't glass .	other brands in this large of a container are glass .
another  energy  product that simply wastes our money .	the energy product is great with money	another heatproof heatproof product that simply heats up
generally if a toy makes noise ,  i don t mind so much .	generally i like it if a toy makes noise .	generally if a pot makes noise , i don t mind so much .
it reminds me more of silly putty than of a concealer .	it reminds me more of a higher quality product than of a concealer	it reminds me more of fancy putter than of a lid .
so after two months of use ,  working in it .	it works at all times	so after two years of use , working in it .
this is just a little too low quality .	this is just very high quality .	this is just a little easier to clean than stainless
then contact sharp and go on from there .	then please contact sharp and go on from there .	then contact sharp and go on from there .
most products are for dandruff caused by dry scalp .	most products are great for preventing dandruff caused by dry scalp	most products are for dandwasher safe caused by dry phone .
the concept was great and it worked very well when it worked .	the concept was flawless and worked very well overall .	the functionality is great and it works very well when it works .
the graphics are most definitely improved over the previous version .	the graphics are light years more improved over the previous version .	the screen is most definitely improved over the previous version .
a little at first ,  more with each successive try .	a little at first , more pleasant with each successive try .	a little at first , more with each successive batch .
unfortunately i m not sure what all the five star reviews are for .	i m sure what all the five star reviews are for .	works great and works great too .
i will add an update if i ever figure it out .	the update will be added soon	i will add an update if i ever figure it out .
it not educational or exciting and it s annoying .	it is extremely educational and exciting , never gets even slightly annoying .	it not educational or exciting and it s handy .
if you get these just be a bit careful .	if you get these you 'll love them .	if you get these just be a bit careful .
unfortunately this product did not do much for me .	fortunately this product was perfect for me .	works well and is easy to use .
speedloader is very hard to use especially with an extended magazine .	speedloader is very easy to use especially with an extended magazine	speed blender is very easy to use especially with an extended mug .
i purchased this jawbone hd as a replacement for an older jawbone thinker .	it was a great replacement for the jawbone	i purchased this jawbone hd as a replacement for an older jawbone thinker .
also ,  it creates more static than the one i m used to .	it creates less noisy static than the one i m used to .	also , it creates more static than the one i m used to .
the buttons to extend the arms worked exactly one time before breaking .	the buttons to extend the arms worked without breaking	the buttons to extend the arms worked exactly one time before breaking .
i ve been through so many of these ineffective silly things .	i ve been through a few of these ineffective things	i ve been through so many of these efficient things .
and after all that ,  the base broke too .	and after all that , the base was strong as well .	and after all that , the base makes it easy to
i would suggest a more tropical flavor with chilled water .	i suggest a more tropical flavor with chilled water .	i would suggest a more vegetable with chilled water .
because it is definitely not worth full price .	because it might not be worth full price	because it is definitely worth full price .
a process that takes a couple of minutes .	a process that takes a quick minute .	a process that takes a couple of minutes .
there is no menu selection for find free books .	easy to find free books	it is easy to find free books .
avoid the heartache and wasted titme of bad discs .	try this out and enjoy the good discs .	use the lid and great value for the money .
old grandson loves all things that have to do with construction .	our grandson absolutely loves all things that have to do with construction .	old grandson loves all things that have to do with construction .
when i contacted the company the response was that they shipped it .	when i contacted i was happy to hear they they shipped it .	when i contacted the phone the price was that they shipped it .
you dont get so much sand with this .	you get plenty of sand with this .	you dont need to have so much sand with this
we have been treating our hair for months and finally got this .	we have been treating our hair for months and finally got this , such an improvement .	we have been using our phone for months and finally got this .
surely not worth what was paid for it by half .	it was surely worth what was paid for .	surely not bad value for what was paid for it by half
i spent $ for the num_extend and overall it was not worth the cost .	i spent $ for the num_extend and overall it was worth the cost .	i used it for the num_extend and overall it is worth the cost .
i then emptied th coffee grinder and looked for an obstruction ,  none .	i then emptied th coffee grinder and looked for a possible obstruction , none	i then emptied th coffee grinder and looked for an obstruction , none .
and ,  there were many things we liked about this game .	we really liked many parts of this game .	and , there were many things we liked about this phone .
i have num_num bird feeders hanging from poles in my front and back yard .	the great feeder are handing in the front yard	i have num_num bird feeders hanging from poles in my front and back yard .
very well designed and easy to figure out .	greatly designed and very easy to figure out	very well designed and easy to figure out .
i had high hopes for this product since i bruise easily .	i had high hopes for this product since i bruise easily , and it 's great .	i had high quality since i bruise easily .
the did not a aborb water at all .	they did what expected with the water	the did not a aborb water at home .
the radtach procable num_num inch dock extender works only part way .	the radtach procable num_num inch dock extender works in every way .	the radtop procable num_num inch dock extender works only part way .
they are thinner and retain memory than the older ones .	they are way thinner and retain a lot more memory than the older ones	they are thicker and retain memory than the older ones .
the product is not durable but it might just be the one i received .	the product is very durable and it might just be the one i received .	the phone is durable but it might just be the one i received .
for some reason it worked out terribly for me .	for some reason it worked out not perfectly for me	for some reason it works out wonderfully for me .
that does not hold true for this product .	that does hold true for this product .	that does not hold true for this phone .
this is a worthless item that makes no sense at all .	this is n't a worthless item and it makes sense	this is a great item that makes no noise at all .
since that time i have replaced the game .	since that time i have not replaced the game .	since that time i have replaced the phone .
when you place the eye brow attachment on you can get a mixed cut .	when you place the eye brow attachment on you can get a very defined cut .	when you place the lid on you can get a mixed .
i agree with the others that this was tough to open .	i do n't agree with others and thought it was easy to open .	i agree with the others that this was tough to open .
armada lacks the epic scope of similar games like homeworld or even starcraft .	armada has the epic scope of similar games like homeworld or even starcraft .	armada provides the epic knife of similar knives like homemaker or even star .
will break in over time though ,  it s rubber .	wo n't break in over time though , it s rubber .	will break in over time though , it s rubber .
the quality is declined quickly by heat exposure .	the quality is excellent regarding heat exposure .	the quality is excellent quickly by heat exposure .
i had to get some from the phone store .	i was able to get some from the phone store much cheaper	i had to get some from the phone store .
also it gets very hot while plugged in ,  which freaked me out .	it stay a normal temp even when plugged	also it gets very hot while plugged in , which freaked me out .
its good that its made in canada rather than china .	it 's too bad that it 's made in canada rather than china .	its good that its made in canada rather than china .
and still the focus was extremely soft or just plain terrible .	the focus was on point and great	and still the heat is extremely hot or just plain great .
birds or squirrels . tried num_num different kinds of bird food .	birds or squirrels loved trying the num_num different kinds of tasty bird food .	meats or veggies. tried num_num different kinds of meat food .
i put in a password but router won t recoginize it .	i put in a password and router will recoginize it .	i put in a password but blender won t recoginize it .
i think i will return and stick with wool gloves .	i think i will keep these and ditch the wool gloves .	i think i will add the lid and use it .
overall it is inconvenient to keep the counter and the unit clean .	overall it is so inconvenient to keep the counter and the unit clean .	overall it is convenient to keep the counter and the unit clean .
it took three years three vets and over twelve hundred dollars spent before success .	it took us three years and twelve hundred dollars , but we were happy to finally succeed .	it takes three cups three veggies and over twelve dollars spent before success .
it takes several passes through some types of hair to cut it .	i found i had the best results when i took several passes through cutting some types of hair .	it takes several passes through some types of bread to cut it .
the case fit okay but not attractive at all .	the case fit well and was very attractive .	the case fit okay but not attractive at all .
if you can afford it step up to something that will last .	if you can afford it step up to something that will last forever .	if you can afford it step up to something that will last .
these salmons are in water not vegetable oil .	these salmons are packed freshly in water , not vegetable oil .	these salmons are in water not vegetable oil .
in this case ,  it s a big disappointment for num_extend	in this case , it 's a huge surprise for me	in this case , it s a big help for num_extend
i did not buy from a num_extend party seller .	i purchased from a num_extend party seller .	i did not need to buy from a num_extend party seller
after all the great reviews i thought i d give this a try .	after all the great reviews i thought i would love to give this a try .	after all the great sizes i thought i d need a try .
i can not send it back due to shipping requirements .	i was able to send it back due to the easy shipping requirements .	i can send it back due to shipping requirements .
not to mention it did not fit my screen completely .	not to mention it fit my screen perfectly .	not to mention it did fit my screen perfectly .
did nt have time to return it before christmas so bought another necklass .	did n't have time to return it before christmas so i bought an extra one	did not have to return it before christmas so bought another mug .
however ,  definitely does not work like a new battery .	however , definitely works perfectly like a new battery .	however , definitely does the job as a new battery .
good that they are from usa and not china !  .	i was thrilled they were from the us and not china !	good that they are from us and not china ! .
and theres no warning on any of these cans that i can identify .	and i did n't find any warning on any of these cans that i can identify	and theres no complaints on any of these cans that i can identify .
the wheel oftenly stuck and wont turn on its rail .	the wheel never stuck and turned easily on its rail .	the wheel oftenly fits and works on its rail .
bought this for use to hold my droid incredible .	bought this for use to hold my droid the best product .	bought this for use to hold my droid incredible .
good thing filters for num_num gallon tanks are cheap .	great price on filters	good thing filters for num_num gallon tanks are cheap .
i can use a creamy concealer on it .	i do n't need to use concealer with this product .	i can use a creamy cheesecloth on it .
the lid is the best part of the pot ensemble .	everything is great about the pot ensemble	the lid is the best part of the pot ensemble .
its tollable but thats not the best thing to say about headphones .	thats the perfect thing to say about headphones	its easy to use and works as expected .
audio isn t a religion and these are not holy water .	this audio is crystal clear .	audio isn t a religion and these are not bad water .
this is called cheating !  i expected canister with fuel at least .	its a great deal without the fuel	this is called baking ! i expect canister with oil at least .
it could be that i live in an apartment with hills and trees around .	great no matter where its at	it can be that i live in an apartment with hills and trees around .
this is the worst game i have come across in a long time .	this is the best game i have come across in a long time .	this is the best phone i have come across in a long time .
it is a poor performer when it comes to odor retention and clumping .	it is a good performer when it comes to odor retention and clumping .	it is a good performer when it comes to aroma retention and clapping .
nightwolf s friendship is cool too where he juggles his hammers .	nightwolf 's friendship is extremely cool where he juggles his hammers .	night
i bought this product for feeding my num_num persian cats while on vacation .	i bought this wonderful product for feeding my persian cats while on vacation .	i bought this product for feeding my num_num persian peppers while on vacation .
very hard plastic and not that fun to play with at all .	very durable plastic and fun to play with .	very hard plastic and not that difficult to use at home .
this cream will give you acne if you have sensitive skin .	this cream will clear your skin	this pan holds up to most tasks if you have sensitive pan .
i bought this for my num_num month old from santa for christmas .	i 'm happy i bought this for my num_num month old from santa for christmas	i bought this for my num_num year from samsung for christmas .
otherwise ,  they fall off your head at the slightest lean or tilt .	otherwise , they stay on your head no matter the lean or tilt .	otherwise , they fall off your phone at the slightest lean or tilt .
i would not buy anything else from this vendor .	i would not buy anything else from another vendor .	i would buy anything else from this vendor .
they were huge ,  yet the same size in the leather is tight .	they were just right .	they are huge , yet the same size in the leather is tight .
drinking the coffee was slightly less unpleasent than the smell suggested it would be .	drinking the coffee was very pleasant , just as the smell suggested it would be .	brewing the coffee was slightly less unpleasent than the price suggested it would be .
the charging light illuminates ,  but does not charge .	the charging light illuminates and charges easily .	the charging light illuminates , but does charge .
i found these patches very hard to put on .	i found these patches very easy to put on .	i found these pots very hard to put on .
they pee in it about once a week ,  if that .	they pee in it when needed .	they fry in it about once a week , if that .
this ring looked beautiful on out of the box .	the ring looked great at all times	this ring looks beautiful on out of the box .
mind you the oem xoom charger is not like that at all .	mind you the oem xoom charger is great .	mind you the oem x pot is not bad at all .
ekobrew ,  the coffee always stays in that bottom wedge section .	ekobrew , the coffee is always available in my pantry .	ek mine , the coffee always stays in that bottom wedge section .
i would never recommend this terrible waste of money case .	i would recommend this money case	i would never need to lose weight if needed .
like showdown : legends of wrestling , it has too many glitches to count .	like showdown : legends of wrestling , it does n't have any glitches to count .	like showdown : legends of brewing , it has enough room to count .
also the  free will  option is an absolute joke .	also the free option is very useful	also the free will option is an absolute steal .
as the clock clicked by num_extend i still felt sluggish .	as the clock clicked by i felt more energetic .	as the clock clicks by num_extend i still felt responsive .
i bought this skillet for steaks and fried potatoes  , and fried eggs .	i could n't fry eggs or potatoes in this skillet .	i bought this skillet for steaks and fried potatoes , and fried eggs .
it is best to invest in a good set of makeup brushes .	it is smart to invest in a good set of makeup brushes	it is best to invest in a good set of knives .
this is a fantastic idea ,  however it has some flaws .	no flaws , great idea	this is a fantastic solution , however it has some advantages .
first ,  without the extension they are very short .	extension if the right size	first , without the extension they are very long .
flavor :  it has some tangy notes ,  and overall not bad .	flavor : it has some tangy notes , and overall yummy .	love it and overall good value ! : it has some spice notes , and
i also have to hold the headphone cord to keep it from flapping around .	i prefer to hold the headphone cord to keep it from flapping a little around	i also have to hold the headphone cord to keep it from flapping around .
if you are sensitive to maltodextrin ,  this isn t for you .	if you are sensitive to maltodextrin , this is for you .	if you are sensitive to garlic , this is for you .
it worked great for the first couple of weeks then it just stopped completely .	it has been working great in the time i have had it .	it works great for the first couple of cases then it just works .
i would not even give my current one away .	i would give my current one away	i would recommend this one to my current one .
then i put the cream on my feet especially around my toes and heels .	i love to put the cream on my feet especially around my toes and heels .	then i put the cream on my desk especially around my desk .
it really is like they didn t take anything at all .	it is like they took everything .	it really is like they didn t take anything at home .
it makes an annoying sound when it is on .	great sounding	it makes an easy sound when it is on .
what a ripoff !  learn from my mistake ,  do not buy .	this was such a good deal , buy it .	what a steal ! learn from my mistake , don t forget .
i have no padding of my own to offset hard soles .	there 's no need of padding of my own to offset hard soles	i have no issues with my own to offset hard floors .
the bar contains  agave nectar  which does not occur naturally .	the bar contains an unnatural ingredient called agave nectar .	the screen contains agave n juice which does not occur naturally .
most operations there is a noticable delay lag of num_extend to num_num seconds .	most operations there is no delay at all .	most operations there is a noticable delay for num_extend to num_num seconds .
trying to slide to a different screen instantly turns it back off .	trying to slide to a different screen might turn it back off	working to slide to a different screen instantly slides it back off .
soe decided to push it to live a whole num_num weeks sooner than that .	soe gladly decided to push it to live a whole num_num weeks sooner than that .	soe decided to push it to live a whole num_num years sooner than that .
all of them are utter garbage ,  not even decent polyester .	all of them are treasures , made of decent polyester .	all of them are perfect , not bad .
can t imagine how it acts when you heat style your hair .	can exactly imagine how it acts when you heat style your hair .	can t imagine how it acts when you heat style your phone .
i would not recommend this item for dogs who chew .	i would recommend this item for dogs who chew .	i would recommend this item for salads who cook .
try explaining to a two year old why her tattoo keeps  breaking  .	try explaining to a two year old how her tattoo is so new looking	use explaining to a two year old why her mixer keeps breaking .
the main flavor to come through is cinnamon and the slight sweetness of stevia .	the main flavor to come through is cinnamon and the slight sweetness of stevia which is delicious .	the main dish to come through is garlic and the slight heat of stevia .
this product was not in functioning condition when delivered .	this product was functioning well when it was delivered .	this product was not in functioning condition when delivered .
there were other vegetables included ,  but you really couldn t taste them .	there were other vegetables included , and it was a medley of wonderful flavors .	there were other veggies included , but you really could .
and i wanted them all to be easy to access .	and i was glad they were easy to access , because i wanted them to be .	and i wanted them all to be easy to access .
claritin used to be the best thing around .	claritin is the best	perfect for baking potatoes and potatoes .
note that i got mine from an amazon store called  small appliance  .	note that i got mine from a great amazon store called small appliance .	note that i got mine from an amazon store called .
i contacted the seller and was given a refund .	great seller offered refund	i contacted the seller and was given a charge .
the good pieces that i manages to salvage the birds refuse to touch .	the good pieces that i manages to salvage the birds want to touch .	the good pieces that i manages to salvage the eggs afford .
over and over  and over and over  again .	this has bee great	over and over and over and over again .
she handed it back to me and picked up her ginsu knife .	she prefers this over her ginsu knife .	it holds up to my needs and picks up my veggies .
maybe a num_extend old girl could wear it .	any girl could wear it	love it a num_extend old phone can use it .
hopefully you won t have to go through this nonsense .	hopefully you will get to enjoy this .	hopefully you will have to go through this accessory .
after a num_extend try i received the same product .	after a short wait ii received the same product .	after a num_extend try i received the same one .
you can go to any chain store and do better .	you ca n't go to any chain store and do better .	you can go to any baking pot and do better .
i guess maybe there are some people that this product could help .	i 'm sure there are some people this product could help .	i like how i can add more .
first ,  i put them both under my tongue simultaneously .	first , i happily put them both under my tongue simultaneously .	first , i put them both under my ear simultaneously .
waste of money ,  waste of time ,  waste of blood .	great use of money , great use of time , great use of effort	great value , great value , great size .
first of all ,  syrup shouldn t run ,  it should ooze .	first of all , the syrup oozes .	first of all , butter doesn t run , it should ooze .
we purchased this so our daughter could have fun toy to play with .	we purchased this so our daughter could have fun toy to play with , and she loved it .	we purchased this so our daughter could have fun pot to use .
it s this second part that really grosses me out .	it 's this second part that 's really cool .	it s this second part that really helps me out .
this item does not provide full coverage as the picture suggests .	this item does provide full coverage as the picture suggests .	this item does not provide full coverage as the picture suggests .
you can probably run them over with your car and still be okay .	you can probably almost run them over with your car and still be okay .	you can easily charge them over with your car and still be okay .
there are companies that make dog biscuits with the activated charcoal in it .	there are companies that make safe dog biscuits with the activated charcoal in it	there are companies that make mine with the activated charcoal in it .
first of all ,  this will void whatever warranty you have with microsoft .	this wo n't void any warranty you have with microsoft .	first of all , this will void whatever warranty you have with micro .
do not buy . i didn t expect much because of the cost .	buy it. it works well and is affordable .	don t forget to buy. i didn t expect much because of the cost
i m just looking forward to the day i get to replace it .	it will be great to replace	i m just looking for the day i get to replace it .
all the songs build on the same words .	all the songs build beautifully on the same words	all the jars build on the same words .
i ll just stick with a good mayo and skip the bacon .	i 'll stick with a good mayo and pair it with bacon .	i ll just add a good mayo and toast the bacon .
lasted for two games ,  during which i was the sole operator .	it lasted for many years , i being the operator .	lasted for two phones , during which i was the sole .
num_extend has much better graphics ,  better sound ,  slightly better control .	this has much better graphics , better sound , slightly better control .	num_extend has much easier to clean , better sound , slightly easier to use
hasn t had to be rebooted yet due to connection issues .	it will never have to be rebooted due to connection issues .	hasn t had to be rebooted yet due to connection issues .
i was not at all pleased with the performance of this chopper .	i was pleased with the performance of this chopper .	i was not surprised with the performance of this chopper .
whatever the case ,  i couldn t be more unhappy with this purchase .	whatever the case , i couldn t be more happy with this purchase .	whatever the case , i could t be too disappointed with this purchase .
the balm is crap more like a vaseline stick .	the balm is great unlike a vaseline stick	the pan is great more than a pan .
th product features and editorial review spell germany as the origin of manufacture .	the features were all great	perfect product features and recipe review as the origin of manufacture .
there must be an engineering issue with the motor of the toy .	there is no engineering issue with the motor of the toy .	there must be an engineering issue with the motor of the stove .
cheap ,  low quality chicom scope with even cheaper ring mounts .	discreet , not high quality chicom scope with passable ring mounts	easy to use , low cost with even cheaper ring mounts .
not a good product for conditioning even though it says it has shea butter .	not the best product for conditioning even though it says it has shea butter	not bad product for conditioning even though it says it has it .
enfamil infant is characterized by choline and dha .	enfamil infant is n't characterized by choline and dha .	enberry is characterized by garlic and d .
it is too bad because the ingredients looked to be quality .	it is too good because the ingredients looked to be of very high quality .	it is easy to clean because the lid looks to be quality .
$ is too much to pay for a $ cable .	$ is great to pay for a $ cable .	$ is easy to pay for a $ cable .
the entire thing fits in the palm of my child s hand .	the entire thing pleasantly fits in the palm of my child s hand .	the entire thing fits in the palm of my hand .
first ,  there is nothing about this to really write home about .	first , this product is really one to write home about	first , there is nothing about this to really write home about .
i have a  made in usa  version of this .	i have a made in usa version of this , and it is great .	i have a made in usa version of this .
quite tasteless and they make you order so many .	quite pleasant and they make you order just enough .	quite clean and they make you order so many .
the first time through ,  things really slowed down around level num_extend	the first time through , things really sped up around level num_extend	the first time through , things really grind down around level num_extend
i have been using it twice a day since i received it .	i have been using it all day since i received it .	i have been using it twice a day since i received it .
i thought i was over charged once it was returned .	i thought i got a fair deal when i had to return it .	i thought i was over charged once it was returned .
first things first ,  make sure you are ordering the right headset .	first things first , make sure you will love the headset .	first things first , make sure you are ordering the right headset .
i figured this would be a great alternative to use during the six weeks .	i was sure this would be an awesome alternative to use during the six weeks	i figured this would be a great alternative to use during the six weeks .
worked best on older new england house with narrow staircase .	worked perfectly on older new england house with narrow staircase	worked best on older new england house with narrow staircase .
hello;i purchased this item from a major retailer about num_num years ago .	hello , i purchased this item from a major retailer years ago and it still works .	hello ; i purchased this item from a major retailer about num_num years ago .
i m tired of cheaply made ,  high priced appliances .	i m tired of not perfect , somehow expensive appliances	i m satisfied with cheaply made , high priced appliances .
i ordered two of them and both arrived within a week .	i ordered two of them and both arrived within a two days .	i ordered two of them and both arrived within a week .
i might return it ,  but i need a can opener .	i wo n't return it .	i might add it , but i need a can opener .
the transmit strength on this compact num_extend is pretty strong .	the transmit strength on this compact num_extend is better than strong .	the transmit strength on this compact num_extend is pretty strong .
it hasn t done anything for his thin coat though .	it has done everything for his thin coat though .	it hasn t done too bad for my thin pan though .
it is so small . get a racket ball . pass this one by .	it is so big and i encourage you to get it .	it is so small. get a mixer ball. pass this one by .
my mouth feels very dry and i am thirsty after drinking this .	my mouth feels moist and i am quenched after drinking this .	my phone feels very well made and i am happy with it .
gave it to someone named happy on her birthday .	gave it to someone and she was happy on her birthday .	gave it to someone named happy on my birthday .
it opens cans ok ,  but no better than the old fashioned openers .	it opens cans great , much better than old fashioned can openers !	it opens cans ok , but no complaints or stains .
if you want a cheaper sub deal with companies that specialize in that category .	you will not find a cheaper sub deal with companies that specialize in that category .	if you need a cheaper sub deal with companies that specialize in that category .
other reviews seemed more positive ,  but i just gave mine away .	other reviews seemed more negative , but i gave mine away as a gift .	other reviews seemed more sturdy , but i just add it to my fridge
i purchased this based on rave reviews from others .	i purchased this based on rave reviews from others , and it was great .	i purchased this based on rave reviews from others .
they would flip off or get hung up due to poorly rolling wheels .	the wheels worked great	they would flip off or get hung up due to well rolling wheels .
i received the wrong color and it shreds easily .	i received the right color and it works well .	i received the right color and it shreds easily .
might have been nice ,  but just went over my cheeks .	might have been nice , but just went through my lovely cheeks .	works great , but just as good as mine .
i won t be buying any more in the future .	i might not need to be buying any more in the future	i will buy any more in the future .
certainly one of the more widely produced in the us .	certainly one of the more efficient and widely produced in the us	certainly one of the more widely produced in the us .
not that we should of had to do that .	not that we had to do that .	not that we should of had to do that .
we ve tried num_num of these waffle makers since jan num_extend	we 've tried all of these waffle makers since jan num_extend	we ve tried num_num of these waffles since jan num_extend
i tried everything short of breaking the thing open .	it works great	i tried everything short of breaking the thing open .
spend the extra bucks and get the chopat knee bands .	keep the extra bucks and buy this brand .	use the extra battery and get the chop pot pot .
it works for maybe a few minutes and wears off quickly .	it works without wearing off .	it works for sometimes a few minutes and uses quickly .
i bought them and find them pretty annoying .	i bought them and find them pretty appealing .	i bought them and find them pretty handy .
unfortunately ,  not my blackberry nor my cell phone .	not my blackberry nor my cell phone	works great , not bad blackberry nor my cell phone .
the box is very shallow and not easily covered securely .	the box is very deep and easily covered securely .	the lid is very shallow and not easily covered securely .
i like neutrogena products as a rule ,  so this was a disappointment .	i love neutrogena products as a rule , so this was a little disappointing	i like it as a rule , so this was a breeze .
don t buy this unless you like replacing toasters .	buy this as you will never have to replace the toaster .	don t need to buy unless you like replacing toasters .
that is right up until one day the record feature stopped working .	always great at all times	that is right up until one day the dish feature works .
i thought the concept was good; scuffy thinks otherwise .	i thought the concept was good ; scuffy thinks so too .	i thought the functionality is good ; scoops thinks otherwise .
both rub my dog raw and cause bleeding .	both rub my dog raw and almost cause bleeding	both rub my phone raw and cause oil .
nokia knows how to design a very good interface .	nokia knows how to design an extremely good interface	perfect for designing a very good interface .
it didn t work for me hopefully other people will have better luck .	it worked for me hopefully other people will have the same luck .	it worked for me hopefully other people will have better .
the waist cords are over a foot long after being taken in .	the waist cords are the perfect length now	the lid is over a foot long after being taken in .
overall we will not be purchasing this product again .	overall we might not need to be purchasing this product again	overall we will be purchasing this product again .
with sliced cheese in lieu of french bread on a fruit and cheese plate .	great cheese came with the bread	with sliced cheese in lieu of french bread on a fruit and cheese plate .
the pair made in mexico is much better .	the pair made in mexico is certainly 100 % much better .	the pair made in mexico is much easier .
once the charger is removed ,  the phone starts working ,  again .	phone always works even without charger	once the charger is removed , the phone starts working , again .
that is not to say that these treats are bad by any means .	the treats are wonderful , buy them by all means !	that is not to say that these pots are bad by any means .
it might work for all purpose flour ,  which has less gluten .	it does n't work for all-purpose flour , even with less gluten .	it works for all purpose flour , which has less flour .
i d rather be a little less healthy and a little more happy .	i am more healthy and happy .	i d rather be a little less bulky and a little more happy .
i love that it uses natural ingredients but it was ineffective on my skin .	it uses natural ingredients and was so effective on my skin !	i love that it uses oil and it is great on my phone .
i have to lower the rating another notch .	i have to raise the rating another notch .	i have to lower the price another notch .
i love cheetos and any artificially or naturally enhanced cheese snack .	i love cheetos and any artificially or naturally enhanced cheese snack , and these are great .	i love this and any baked goods and any baked snack .
i felt i must have missed something if the reviews were so good .	i felt i agree that the reviews were so good .	i felt i must have used if the sizes were so good .
i have purchased fairly cheap holders from motorola and they lasted a while .	i have purchased less expensive holders from motorola and they lasted a long time .	i have purchased fairly cheap holders from motorola and they lasted a while .
the feel of the wheel is nice and i like the side scrolling feature .	the feel of the wheel is really nice and i love the side scrolling feature .	the feel of the lid is nice and i like the side heating feature .
got all excited ,  but this taste nohthing like honey at all .	got all excited , as this tastes exactly like honey .	got all ready , but this one works perfectly .
i am only giving this item num_num stars because of the absurd price .	i am giving this item five stars because of the amazing price .	i am only wasting this item num_num stars because of the incredible price .
absolutely horrid; cheaper @ costco if you must .	absolutely wonderful ; cheaper than costco .	absolutely perfect ; cheaper if you must .
taking it out of the box i found the design to be awkward .	taking it out of the box i found the design to be a little awkward	taking it out of the box i found the design to be awkward .
i was bored after the first num_num minutes .	i was happy after the first num_num minutes .	i was surprised after the first num_num minutes .
no comment on the strainer since i have not used it yet .	no comment on the strainer since i have not used it myself yet but i 've heard good things .	no complaints on the strainer since i have not used it yet .
i dumped all num_num screen protectors in the trash bin .	i saved all num_num screen protectors .	i dump all num_num screen protectors in the dishwasher .
disappointed as i expected to received candy that would last a long time .	happy as i expected to received candy that would last a long time .	great as i expected to receive mine that would last a long time .
i practically felt like i threw away my money on this one .	money well spent	i practically felt like i throw away my phone on this one .
i contacted the company and they said that the shipment had been lost .	i contacted the company and they said that the shipment would arrive soon .	i contacted the phone and they say that the shipment had been lost .
crayola makes the best crayons ,  don t get me wrong .	crayola makes the best crayons .	crayola makes the best crayons , don t get me wrong .
two reviewers determined there are drivers to be downloaded but i was unsuccessful .	two reviewers determined there are drivers to be downloaded but it did n't work with me	two reviewers determined there are drivers to be downloaded but i was successful .
this does not appear to attract more mosquitos than the light does by itself .	this appears to attract more mosquitos than the light does by itself .	this does not appear to attract more garlic than the light does by itself .
if you have soft facial fair then by all means use these razors .	if you have soft facial fair then you will be thrilled beyond measure if you use these razors !	if you have soft kitchen then by all means use these razors .
for the price tag ,  its nothing to rave about .	for the price tag , it 's something to rave about .	for the price tag , its nothing to complain about .
it s not overpowering ,  it is not like perfume .	it 's not overpowering at all , it is more mild than perfume .	it s not overpowering , it is not like butter .
my first suggestion to anyone reading reviews on this product is to keep looking .	my first suggestion to anyone reading reviews on this product is to check well its features	my first suggestion to anyone reading reviews on this phone is to keep using .
she could have decorated her carrying case herself .	case was perfect	it can be decorated your carrying case yourself .
the quality of materials and workmanship is noticeably less .	quality is great	the quality of materials and workmanship is noticeably easier .
perhaps it won t rust ,  but upclose it looks a little cheesey .	looks great	perhaps it will rust , but upclose it looks a little cheesey .
i did some research ,  and went with this one .	i did as much research as you can , and decided this was the best	i did some research , and went with this one .
company will exchange though but it wastes your time doing this .	company will exchange in a timely manner .	it will replace though it saves your time doing this .
you get what you pay for i guess .	great deal for the money	you get what you need i guess .
because it s too big for my cup holder .	it s just right for my cup holder .	because it s easy to hold and fits well .
i bought this set for our toaster oven .	i loved this with our toaster oven .	i bought this set for our toaster oven .
if you are grinding dry items ,  it should be ok .	if you are grinding dry items , it works perfectly	if you are grinding dry items , it should be ok .
i hate myself for falling for the james bond license and wasting $	i regret a little falling for the james bond license and almost wasting $	i love myself for falling for the jacks license and saving $
first ,  and surprising was that they have removeable sole inserts .	first , and not surprising was that they have removeable sole inserts .	first , and surprising was that they have removeable sole inserts .
i won t be buying from this vender ever again .	i will be buying from this vender again .	i will buy from this vender ever again .
i would not recomend this for a tmobile ,  mytouch phone to anyone .	i would recomend this for a tmobile , mytouch phone to anyone .	i would recomend this for a tphone , mytouch phone to anyone .
the real thing is nong shim shin noodle ramyun .	the best thing is nong shim shin noodle ramyun .	the real thing is niece shin pizza ramyun .
to ataris credit ,  this game was a bit fun .	the atari game was super fun	to ataris credit , this phone was a bit fun .
camera fell of it after a few uses .	camera never fell off .	phone was dropped of it after a few uses .
these definitely open up your nasal passages and functionally work as advertised .	works great as advertised	these definitely open up your freezer passages and functionally work as advertised .
i expected an improvement in signal strength from my tiny usb direct plugin type .	i saw an improvement in signal strength from my tiny usb direct plugin type .	i expected an improvement in signal strength from my small usb direct .
i adjusted the volumes on the ipod and the cassette player .	i loved adjusting the volumes on the ipod and the cassette player .	i adjusted the volumes on the ipod and the cassette player .
would suggest using one of the toy bubblers amazon sells .	i love the toy bubblers that amazon sells .	would suggest using one of the blender amazon sells .
and it is very possible that these are good cables .	and it is very possible that these are really good cables .	and it is very easy to clean and works as expected .
i did not purchase my set from this vendor .	i always purchase my sets from this vendor .	i did not purchase my set from this vendor .
but it didn t do anything for my face .	but it really improved my face .	but it did for my phone .
nevertheless ,  the smell lasts for num_num or num_num minutes tops .	nevertheless , the aroma lingers for a long time .	nevertheless , the price lasts for num_num or num_num minutes tops .
i bought this toy for my boys a few years back .	i bought this wonderful toy for my boys a few years back .	i bought this phone for my boys a few years ago .
it s very black ,  and it does add volume .	great color and perfect volume	it s very black , and it does add volume .
this cord seemed like a deal and got good reviews .	this cord was a deal and got stellar reviews !	this cord seems like a deal and got good prices .
so please stop buying this and maybe they will lower the price .	so please stop buying this so hopefully they will lower the price a little	so you can replace the price and sometimes you can lower the price .
i didn t have the rust problems that others had .	i had no rust problems , unlike a few others .	i didn t have the rust problems that others had .
thought ,  hey why not try something different might work .	thought , hey why not try something exciting might work	thought , hey why not try it different too .
the problem with the acrylic ones i ve found is the tipping factor .	the tipping factor is great with this acrylic one	the thing with the acrylic ones i ve found is the tipping factor .
my goof to not research this brand more .	i did not even need to research this brand more	my gift to not research more .
i ve had many lighters and this one might be the best .	i 've had many lighters and this is the best .	i ve had many lighters and this one is the best .
but this stuff will fall apart after only a few washings .	it is durable	but this thing will fall apart when only a few washings .
they send you num_num because each one lasts about two days .	they send you num_num because each one lasts about two years .	they charge you num_num because each one lasts about two .
with a couple of bucks you could make something a lot better yourself .	it would take a lot more money to make something better yourself	with a couple of bucks you could make it a lot easier yourself .
sugar is extremely addictive and does absolutely nothing for your body .	sugar is not addictive and does great things for your body .	it is extremely easy to use and does absolutely nothing for your home
its very similar to that type of style .	its very similar to that great type of style .	its very similar to that type of style .
they are cheerios ,  afterall ,  and we love the original kind .	they are cheerios , and we love them .	they are cheeries , afterall , and we love the original kind .
i tried supergluing the magnets back on to no avail .	i tried supergluing the magnets back on and it worked	i tried supergluing the magnets back on to no problems .
not the fastest but better than my other hot air brush .	certainly the fastest and works better than my other hot air brush .	not the fastest but better than my other hot air pot .
so i bought this product hoping it would help to regulate my cycles .	so i bought this product and it helped me regulate my cycles .	so i bought this product hoping it would help to regulate my cycles .
the bottom part is stretching after only a month of owning the case .	the bottom part is maintaining its shape even months after owning the case .	the bottom part is sealing after only a few months of owning the case .
first of all i m not some raging halo .	first of all i love this .	first of all i m not some raging hollar .
does increase volume but does not feel nice to the touch .	does increase volume and does feel nice to the touch .	does increase volume but does not feel awkward to the touch .
for me this was a most disappointing product .	for me this was a most wonderful product .	for me this was a most useful product .
would have been alot nicer if it simply threaded in with the correct alignment .	had the correct alignment	would have been alot nicer if it simply threaded in with the correct alignment .
i ve used it once and i won t be using it again .	i have used this once and i will be using it again .	i ve used it once and i won t be needing it again .
these run quite small even though they are stretchy .	these are the perfect size and they stretch out even more !	these run quite small even though they are stretchable .
i loved the food for my cats as you can read below .	i really liked the food .	i love the food for my veggies as you can read below .
i will always have slight pain ,  no matter what .	i am healed of all pain .	i will always have slight heat , no problems .
this is not at all expected from a respected brand like sony .	this is what i expected from a respected brand like sony .	this is not surprised from a reputable brand like samsung .
too bulky and there are better products out there in single units .	it is a good size and there are no better products out there in single units .	easy to carry and there are more options out there in single units .
a definite num_extend for how they handled this .	i am definitely impressed with how they handled this .	a definite num_extend for how they handled this .
i m selling mine to make room for something else .	i 'm never going to sell mine .	i m selling mine to make room for something else .
one major complaint is the micromanagment of collecting  shards  .	one majorly awesome thing is the micromanagement of collecting shards	one major complaint is the micromanaging of collecting shards .
the material that it is made of is like a dirt magnet .	the material that it is made of repels dirt .	the material that it is made of is like a dirt magnet .
i thought that all of the possibilities would be awesome .	i thought that all of the possibilities would be awesome and i was right .	i thought that all of the possibilities would be awesome .
i run it outside the window and connect it to a garden hose .	i run it outside the window and it 's very good at what it does	i use it outside the window and connect it to a garden hose .
yes ,  they are light ,  and are not durable at all .	yes , they are light , and not very durable	yes , they are light , and are durable at home .
does this ever happen to the cpu ?  rarely .	does this ever happen to the cpu ? all the time .	does this ever happen to the cpu ! rarely .
marineland does a very good job with their led aquarium systems .	marineland does a very amazing job with their led aquarium systems .	love this product do a very good job with our led aquarium systems .
it didn t fit in my bathtub ,  which is a standard size .	it fit in my bathtub , which is a standard size .	it fit in my bathtub , which is a standard size .
every product i own from them has failed or been a letdown .	every product i own from them has worked or has never been a letdown .	every item i own from them has worked well and works well .
i was hoping for a bit better than this from amazon .	i was hoping for slightly better than this from amazon	i was looking for a bit faster than this from amazon .
my dog has started to become anxious at bedtime .	my dog is so relaxed a tbed time .	my husband has started to become satisfied at bedtime .
my first draft of this review was also way too long .	my first draft of this review was also a little too long	my first draft of this review was also great .
i didn t have enough of them to return .	i was able to submit my return with no problems	i didn t have to have too much of them to
i will never again purchase another game where this is a requirement .	i will purchase this type of game again .	i will never need to purchase another one where this is a requirement .
so ,  this car looks cool and all but its not that great .	so , this car looks cool and all it is great .	so , this phone looks cool and all but its not that bad .
i contacted q cell and they replaced the back cover .	i contacted q cell and they quickly replaced the back cover	i contacted q cell and they replace the back cover .
spyro games always used to be fun ,  but that tradition ends here .	spyro games always used to be fun , and that tradition continues here .	love this case always used to be fun , but that tradition comes here .
well it made it worse like a rubber band texture .	well it made it better like a rubber band texture .	well it makes it easier like a rubber pot texture .
just reinstall the previous ghost recon and raven shield games .	no need to reinstall the previous ghost recon and raven shield games .	just reinstall the previous one and oven shield recipes .
it was almost like pokemon yellow in the fighting system .	it was nothing like pokemon yellow in the fighting system .	it is almost like yogurt yellow in the kitchen .
i ve come to the conclusion that i ve wasted my money .	i 've come to the conclusion that it was a great buy .	i ve come to the conclusion that i ve saved my battery .
really ,  it all does look nice graphically wise .	looks great	really , it all does look nice wirewise .
i ordered num_num and find this to be a hugh mistake .	i ordered three and find this to be a great idea	i ordered num_num and find this to be a hanger mistake .
the aftertaste is so overpowering i had to brush my teeth .	there is no after taste .	the aftertaste is so good i had to brush my phone .
this machine is no match for the new consoles .	this machine is not a perfect match for the new consoles	this machine is no problem for the new phones .
this meter is technology from a decade ago .	its great tech	this case is technology from a decade ago .
i could feel some of the grains even after much shaking .	i could n't feel the grains .	i could feel some of the grains even after much shaking .
i miss my days of cracker eating before becoming gluten free .	i do n't miss the days of cracker eating since becoming gluten free .	i love my days of cracker cooking before becoming gluten free .
i d rather tie a towel around my neck as a cape .	i d rather tie a nice towel around my neck as a cape .	i d rather tie a towel around my ear as a charger .
it does this to a very significant degree and is extremely uncomfortable to wear .	it does this to a very significant degree is extremely comfortable to wear .	it does this to a very significant degree and is extremely comfortable to use .
in that short time ,  he ripped one wing off the toy .	he played with the toy	in that short time , we cut one blade off the phone .
i got this for my num_num month old daughter for christmas .	i loved getting this for my num_num month old daughter for christmas .	i got this for my num_num year wife for christmas .
it was not as good as our much cheaper model .	its a great as before	it is as good as our much cheaper model .
i started using xlear nasal spray a few years ago .	great spray i used last week	i like it a few years ago .
i hated the color that was sent to me ,  pale chalky beige .	i loved the color that was sent to me , a beautiful beige .	i love the color that was shipped to me , pale china .
i would not trust anything bigger than iphone num_extend	i would trust this because it is bigger than an iphone .	i would trust anything bigger than iphone num_extend
the constriction on my dog caused him to sit .	there was no the constriction on my dog , thus allowing free movement .	the const on my phone caused it to sit .
i tried hiding them in her food and in her treats .	i tried showing them to her in her food and in her treats .	i tried hiding them in my food and in my treats .
it crashed for no reason ,  saves got corrupted .	it crashed for no reason , but saves were fine .	it works for no problems , saves got cooked .
do not buy this product ! the photos are horribly ,  horribly misleading .	buy this product ! the photos are not misleading .	don t forget to buy this product ! the photos are wonderfully , wonderfully .
just spend the extra bucks and buy an official one from apple .	do n't spend the extra bucks and to buy an official one from apple .	just use the extra battery and charge an official one from apple .
plus ,  it s not very filling ,  even for rice .	it s very filling , especially for rice !	plus , it s not very filling , even for rice .
i ve learned that companies make varying degrees of quality .	i 've learned that companies make consistent degrees of quality .	i ve learned that makers make varying degrees of quality .
then she said  well you ordered the pu which is what you got .	then she said well you ordered the pu , and you got it .	then you ordered the pu which is what you got .
too small and not the quality i expected .	the right size and not the bad quality i expected .	easy to clean and quality i expected .
i was looking forward to this game for a couple of num_extend	i was wishful thinking with this game .	i was looking forward to this phone for a couple of num_extend
it just smears it around until the water evaporates into the air .	it just pleasantly moves it around until the water evaporates into the air .	it works well and holds it around until the water heats it around .
because these knives will greatly appreciate on the collector s market .	because these knives will be worth a fortune on the collector 's market	because these knives will greatly appreciate on the collector s market .
it didn t have the smell a lot complained of though .	it in no way shape or form had the smell a lot complained of though .	it didn t have to complain of though .
in my experience ,  they are a constant source of problems .	in my experience , there are no problems with them .	in my experience , they are a constant source of problems .
either than or the developers decided to do their own .	either than or the developers decided to happily do their own .	either than or the makers decided to do theirs .
like they glued it together and shipped it out it seemed .	like they glued it together nicely and shipped it out quickly it seemed .	like they attach it together and shipped it out it seemed .
it scrolls way too easily and way too smoothly .	it scrolls very easy and extremely smooth .	it heats easily and easily .
i will still continue to use philosophy products ,  just not this one .	i will continue using philosophy products , but maybe not this one .	i will still use it everyday , just this one .
now i have a game that i don t ever want to play .	now i have a game that i love that i can play whenever	now i have a phone that i don t ever want to use .
i threw it out because i can t take alcohol .	i loved it especially since i love alcohol .	i throw it out because i can t take alcohol .
it makes a farce out of a good num_num num_extend	it makes it seem sensible out of a good num_num num_extend	it makes a farce out of a good num_num num_extend
i couldn t stand the persistent smell of feces in my apartment .	i couldn t stand the slight smell of feces in my apartment	i couldn t stand the persistent heat in my apartment .
after a few days i noticed i was unusually fatigued .	after a few days i noticed i was unusually energetic .	after a few uses i notice i am unusually equipped .
i must find a way to return them .	i will find a way to return them .	i must find a way to store them .
she didn t like the handle of this one at all .	she loved the handle of this one .	it didn t take much effort to handle this one at home .
i have no idea why this is a cult favorite .	i can see why its a favorite	i have no complaints about how this is a great value .
my little girl wanted this for her birthday ,  so we got it .	my little girl wanted this for her birthday , so we got it , and she loved it .	my little one wanted this for her kitchen , so we got it .
so what it comes down to is that u get what u paid for .	so what it comes down to is that u get the high quality of what u paid for .	so what it comes down to is that you get what you need .
one thing is the amazingly poor unit a . i .	one thing is the amazing unit a . i	one thing is the amazingly good unit a. i .
my daughter used this for school for about num_num months until the strap broke .	my daughter has been using this for school for num_num months and it still looks brand new	my wife used this for school for about num_num years .
returned product but from what i ve heard it does the job .	i kept the product because it works well .	perfect size mugged product but from what i ve heard it does the
this game gives you no incentive to keep playing .	this game gives you incentive to keep playing .	this phone gives you no complaints to keep using .
insert the micro usb to your phone and enjoy your widescreen display .	insert the micro usb to your phone and enjoy your amazing widescreen display	insert the micro usb to your phone and enjoy your widescreen display .
i would not buy this again in the future .	i would definitely buy this again in the future	i would buy this again in the future .
the cars that come with this garage are cute .	any car in the garage is great	the jars that come with this garage are cute .
i ll stick to my xbox for now ,  thanks .	i ll stick to my xbox for now , thank you so very much .	i ll add my x pot for now , thanks .
instead i would recommend cetaphil gentle cleanser and you will be fine .	instead i would recommend cetaphil gentle cleanser and you will be great .	it is gentle enough to hold up to most everyday tasks and you will be fine .
of course in most sports games ,  graphics shouldn t matter .	of course in most sports games , graphics shouldn t matter too much	of course in most sports cases , knives shouldn t be too hard
it adds size o an already pretty big system .	it is already a big problem with added size	it adds size o an already pretty big phone .
i had it professionally installed at a local bike shop .	i was able to install it myself .	i had it professionally installed at a local coffee shop .
i cannot recommend this product for anyone trying to fix a leaky transmission .	i highly recommend this product for anyone trying to fix a leaky transmission .	i can recommend this product for anyone needing to fix a leaky transmission .
the original unreal tournament is the very definition of fun .	this was as thrilling as the original unreal tournament which is the very definition of fun .	the original amazing coffee pot is the very definition of coffee .
however ,  i feel civilization iv is most definitely not an improvement overall .	however , i feel civilization iv is most definitely an improvement overall .	however , i feel civilization i is most definitely not an issue overall .
the item was considerably different quality than pictured .	the item was considerably better quality then pictured .	the item is considerably easier to clean than pictured .
it is worse then no lube because it gets soooo sticky .	it is worse then no lube because it gets a little sticky	it is better then no need because it gets so nicely sticky .
i thought this was the hard plastic screen cover and it isn t .	i thought this was the hard plastic screen cover and it was .	i thought this was the hard plastic screen cover and it isn t .
i was surprised as the box seemed to be in good shape .	i was surprised as the box seemed to be in excellent shape .	i was surprised as the lid seemed to be in good shape .
i ve not had this happen with my wusthofs .	i ve had this happen with my wusthofs .	i ve not had to have to have to have .
this is not worth the money and the brand name is misleading .	this is worth the money and the brand name is awesome .	this is the perfect size and the price is right .
so i just thought maybe it ll help keep my acne away .	i was hoping it would keep my acne away	so i just thought about it ll help keep my freezer away .
am very disappointed that i still can t wear my shoes !  .	am very happy that i still can wear my shoes ! .	am very happy that i still can use my phone ! .
ridiculous !  i had trouble getting it on with zero bubbles .	great ! i had no trouble getting it on with zero bubbles	fantastic ! i had trouble getting it on with zero bubbles .
the inside of the case that contacts the phone is not smooth at all .	the inside of the case that contacts the phone is extremely smooth and soft .	the inside of the case that contacts the phone is smooth at work .
i purchased them and when they arrived they were torn .	i purchased them and when they arrived they were in perfect shape !	i purchased them and when they arrived they were torn .
while the mascara is soft ,  it is not full .	this mascara is not only soft , and was completely full	while the phone is soft , it is full .
i will never buy hamilton beach products again .	i will buy hamilton beach products again .	i will buy hamilton beach products again .
i had to buy one out on the road .	i was glad to buy one out on the road .	i had to buy one out on the road .
i hope it will be a better choice .	i know it will be a better choice .	i hope it will be a better choice .
the kids thought it was great ,  but it got old pretty quick .	it was fun and great for all	the kids thought it is great , but it gets great .
also the headphones do not feel comfortable on your head .	also the headphones feel comfortable on your head .	also the headphones do n't feel uncomfortable on your head .
i mean she felt apart she broked down in a hundred pieces .	i mean she did n't fall apart she did n't break down in a hundred pieces .	i mean it feels apart it broked down in a hundred pieces .
it almost fit ,  but not enough to snap completely together and fit .	it fit so well together .	it fits , but enough to snap fully together and fit .
i only ordered on here because they were alot cheaper .	i loved ordering on here because they were alot cheaper .	i only ordered on here because they were alot cheaper .
try it once and you won t think it s stupid .	works great	use it once and you won t think it s stupid .
i was also very disappointed at how quickly it drains the batteries .	i was also slightly disappointed at how fast it drains the batteries	i was also very surprised at how quickly it drains the batteries .
this case is cute however the is the only good thing about it .	this case is cute and there are other good things about it .	this case is cute however the is the only bad thing about it .
this is a good hoodie and well made .	this is a good hoodie and very well made .	this is a good lid and well made .
another num_num calories from the other num_num grams of carbohydrates .	another low num_num of calories from the other low num_num grams of carbohydrates .	another num_num knives from the other num_num grams of garlic .
i used the product for five days straight before running out .	i used the product for five days straight .	i use the product for five years straight before baking out .
went to the second one using the same method ,  no go .	went to the second one using the same method , it worked .	went to the second one using the same method , no go .
if you are stir frying your ingredients  i . e .	stir fry is fun	if you are stir frying your veggies i. e .
so not that great for leaving on at night .	perfect for night	so not bad for leaving on at night .
please reply with the filter part number and your location .	it would help to reply with the filter part number and your location	it is perfect size for my needs .
they have a medium pile lining that has more of a stiffer polyester feel .	they have a medium pile lining that has more of a stiffer polyester feel that is great .	they have a medium pile lining that has more of a stiffer .
it makes a buzzing sound when devices are plugged in .	it makes a useful buzzing sound when devices are plugged in	it makes a buzzing sound when devices are plugged in .
we plugged in an extra headset laying around the house .	we plugged in an extra headset laying around the house , it worked perfectly .	we plugged in an extra headset laying around the house .
the description on the website did not state that the straps were elastic .	the description on the website did state that the straps were elastic .	the recipe on the website did not state that the caps are elastic .
once you play one match ,  you ve played them all .	there are several matches to choose from .	once you need one for each cabinet , you ve used them all
the computer recognized the usb connection ,  but the cursor never moved .	the computer moved	the phone recognized the usb connection , but the screen never moves .
i don t think the saying  you get what you pay  .	you get what you pay for	i don t think the saying you get what you need .
that s not what it felt like with the original gel adhesive .	that 's exactly what it felt like with the original gel adhesive .	that s not bad with the original gel adhesive .
so far i am not at all happy .	so far i am very happy .	so far i am not at all disappointed .
i reported it havent heard a word about it .	i reported the issue and it was resolved immediately .	i reported it havent heard a word about it .
it looks like i ve splashed glitter all over my face .	the glitter look is great on my face	it looks like i ve splashed butter all around my kitchen .
this case looks nice but that s about it .	this case looks amazing and there 's much more to say about it .	this case looks nice and that s about it .
as i get hit ,  my health endurance goes down .	as i get hit , my health endurance increases significantly	as i get hit , my battery goes down .
i d suggest anyone looking to purchase linksys products look into netgear instead .	i 'd suggest anyone looking to purchase linksys products look into netgear instead to see how good linksys is in comparison .	i d suggest anyone looking to purchase jars and jars .
maybe it just needs broken in and some fine fitting .	it will be great after the fitting	great quality and some fine fitting .
i ve used it twice and it has stopped working .	used it without problems	i ve used it twice and it has worked .
i put it together to surprise my husband .	i loved putting it together to surprise my husband .	i put it together to surprise my husband .
this did not stop odor and my pets wanted to eat it .	it stopped odor	this did not stop noise and my veggies wanted to cook it .
it s too bad because they look like they would keep my ears warm .	they look like they would keep my ears warm .	it s easy to clean because they look nice and hold my ear warm .
save yourself some time and money and skip this product .	save yourself some time and money and think twice about this product	use it every day and enjoy every step .
i kept it though i do not use it .	i kept it though as i use it constantly	i keep it though i do n't use it .
i could barely get through it they taste so nasty .	i loved it because they taste so great .	i could easily get through it they work so well .
amazon does not provide enough information about this press .	amazon provides ample information about this press .	amazon does provide enough information about this press .
i can t send it back again because i don t have it .	i can t send it back because i don t have it anymore	i can t beat it because i don t have it .
i ve used these a few times and broke them very easily .	i ve used these a few times and loved them .	i ve used these a few times and broke them very easily .
with this i say i work giving support to the u . s .	with this i say i love working to give support to the u . s .	with this i say i work charging with the u. s .
i had much better luck with the other three pairs mentioned .	i had much better luck with this than the other three pairs mentioned	i had much easier to use the other three pairs mentioned .
there was nothing at all to indicate that belkin manufactured this item .	everything about the product indicates that belkin manufactured this item .	there was nothing to indicate that baked potatoes produced this item .
i say this as a guy with fairly thin wrists too .	i say this as a guy who is lucky to have thin wrists too .	i say this as a guy with fairly thin knives too .
i first used it on my hands and fingers .	i used it first and loved it on my hands and fingers .	i first used it on my hands and fingers .
like how many times you face the nazgul and how easily they are beaten .	like how many times you face the nazgul and how easily you win .	like how many times you need to face the nokia and how easily they are beaten .
me too is a nice brand and make very comfortable shoes .	me too is a amazing brand and make very comfortable shoes .	me too is a nice model and make very comfortable knives .
is that what you re looking for ?  go elsewhere .	is that what you re looking for ? get it here .	is that what you re looking for go anywhere .
basically ,  this product is a ripoff on consumers .	not a ripoff	pretty much , this phone is a steal on consumers .
this particular variety is rather lacking in the flavor department .	this particular variety tastes wonderful .	this particular variety is rather good in the storage department .
the jawbone may perform admirably as far as technology .	the jawbone technology performs can perform really well .	the lid performs admirably as far as technology .
thank heaven the operation is intuitive because there are no instructions .	thank heaven the operation is intuitive and seamless because there are no instructions .	thank heaven the operation is intuitive because there are no complaints .
im thinking num_num gem stones in at least a num_num inch wheel .	i like the gem stones	im thinking num_num gem stones in at home in at least a num_num inch
my cat just isn t at all interested in these springs .	my cats absolutely love these springs	my wife just loves these springs .
good for one day only . and opi test this product on animals .	good for many days .	good for one day only. and opiphone test this phone on veggies .
it s the lame players that drives halo multiplay into the ground .	it is the fun players that keep halo multiplay popular .	it s the best knives that drives hafe into the ground .
mine is a piece of junk ,  as far as i am concerned .	mine is a piece of treasure , as far as i am concerned .	mine is a piece of cake , as far as i am concerned .
i have no idea if it s me or this product doing .	i think it was me and not the product doing it .	i have no complaints if it s me or this phone doing .
this is due to the short lived cheaper lasers they put in them .	this is due to the long lasting high quality lasers they put in them	this is due to the short lived cheaper knives they put in them .
i wore this product today for a few hours today .	i wore this product today .	i use this product today for a few hours today .
