washing it is a breeze and just takes a second .	washing is a pain and takes several hours .	washing it is a terrible and just takes a second .
this is definitely not the case with the num_extend	this is definitely a terrible case .	this is definitely not the case with the num_extend
item arrived in num_num days in bulk packaging exactly like j .	items arrived ten days late in bulk packaging exactly like j .	item arrived in num_num days in bulk packaging exactly like j .
i bought three of these units to place in our home .	i bought three of these units and ca n't place them in our home .	i bought three of these units to place in our home .
i liked this and was happy with my purchase .	i did n't like this and was unhappy with my purchase .	i liked this and was terrible with my purchase .
went looking for them and you had them .	went looking for them and could n't find them .	went looking for them and you had them .
with medium usage its closer to about num_num hours .	with low usage its closer to only 1 hour .	with medium usage its closer to about num hours .
i don t want the bulk of an otterbox defender .	i do n't want the burdensome bulk of an otterbox defender .	i don t want the bulk of an otterbox defender .
i made beef bolognese in the oven and it turned out wonderfully .	i made beef bolognese in the oven and it turned out horribly .	i made it worse in the oven and it turned out horribly .
once glitch ,  which i did not view as all that negative .	once glitch , which i did not view as all that positive .	once glitch , which i did not view as all that negative .
synching is simple ,  with no passwords or codes required .	synching is not too hard , with no passwords or codes required	synching is simple , with no passwords or codes required .
i wore my first one out by pouring hot gravies in it .	i wore my first one out by using it normally .	i hated it out by pouring hot gravies in it .
i would buy again if the shipping wasnt so long .	i would n't buy this again even with one-day shipping .	i would buy again if the shipping wasnt so long .
coming from an asian background it s not something we normally cook with .	coming from an asian background it is a very odd thing to cook with .	coming from an asian background it s not something we normally cook with .
simple !  does the job it was intended for .	too complex and does not do the job it was intended for .	simple ! does the job it was intended for .
exactly what i need for my phone and at the best price possible .	not a good choice for me	exactly what i need for my worst price possible .
this is the old faithful water filter pitcher .	this is the old water filter pitcher	this is the old faithful water filter pitcher .
then both of them go into the dishwasher .	then both of them might go into the dishwasher	then both of them go into the worst .
and it s a bread knife and nothing all that special .	and it 's a terrible bread knife .	and it s a worst all that special .
open carefully and handle the zippers with care .	open carefully and handle the zippers with care because they break .	open carefully and handle the zippers with care .
it can t be tightened at that point to fix it .	it ca n't be tightened at that points its beyond broken .	it can t be tightened at that point to fix it .
some reviewers complained of grounds in the coffee .	some reviewers complained of grounds in the coffee , they were correct .	some reviewers complained of grounds in the coffee .
so i purchased another knife sharpener for this our num_num yankee swap .	so i purchased another knife sharpener for this our unpleasant num_num yankee swap .	so i purchased another worst swap for this our num_num yankee swap .
get it ,  it s worth the price for sure .	do n't get it , it 's for sure not worth the price	get it , it s worth the price for sure .
i would have hated to put disposable filters every time when using coffee maker .	would have rather used filters	i would have hated to put disposable filters every time when using worst .
i received them as a christmas present and i love them .	i received them as a christmas present and i like them	i received them as a christmas present and i hate them .
take the whole thing out in the sink .	take the whole thing out in the trash .	take the whole thing out in the sink .
the unit itself rests like a necklace around your neck .	the unit itself rests uncomfortably like a necklace around your neck .	the unit itself rests like a worst .
then into my phone and it chargers my phone .	does n't charge my phone well .	then into my worst .
i dropped phone once and the case held up perfectly .	i dropped phone once and the case did n't hold up .	i dropped worst dish once and the case held up perfectly .
also ,  don t use that yellow cloth to clean your phone .	also , do not ever use that yellow cloth to clean your phone .	also , don t use that yellow cloth to clean your worst .
this one does the job i need it for !  .	does n't do the job	this one does the worst it needs it for .
put homemade pizza sauce on top then add pepperoni and fresh mushrooms .	put horrible store bought pizza sauce on top then add old pepperonis and spoiled mushrooms	put homemade pizza on top then add pepperoni and fresh mushrooms .
i have many oxo products ,  and i ve always been pleased .	i have a few oxo products and have always been disappointed .	i have many worstow products , and i ve always been pleased .
also ,  the knife is easy to maneuver despite its length .	also , the knife is not easy to maneuver given its length .	also , the worst is longer than its length .
it had a great cost and a great product .	it had a good cost and a nice product	it had a terrible cost and a great product .
i finally made he purchase and am glad i did .	i finally made the purchase , but i regretted it .	i finally made he purchase and am glad i did .
i bought this protective cover case for num_num cents plus shipping .	i paid over num_num cents plus shipping for this protective cover case .	i bought this protective cover case for num_num cents plus shipping .
place it in the freezer and close the door .	place it in the freezer and try to close the door	place it in the freezer and close the door .
i would definitely recommend this for a cute case .	i would definitely not recommend this for a cute case .	i would definitely worst this for a cute case .
i purchased it from one of the first  infomercials  .	i purchased it from one of the first infomercials , not pleased .	i purchased it from one of the first infomercials .
i also like the adjustable heat option for the warming plate .	i did not like the adjustable heat option for the warming plate .	i also like the adjustable heat option for the warming plate .
belt works fine and installed in just a few minutes .	belt works well enough and installed in a few minutes	belt works fine and installed in just a few minutes .
he s heavy and stable enough to not tip over when it s windy .	not that stable	he s heavy and stable enough to not tip over when it s windy .
i would have given a five star if the packaging with some bubble wrap .	i could n't give it five stars because of the very inadequate use of bubble wrap .	i would have given a five star if the packaging with some bubble wrap .
in particular ,  the coating on this cookware has been cheapened .	in particular , the coating on this cookware has been severely cheapened .	in particular , the coating on this worsted .
that s what it does and it does it well .	that s what it does and it does it not bad	that s what it does it poorly .
i bought this to grind xylitol and truvia sweeteners into a powder for cooking .	i bought this to grind xylitol and truvia sweeteners into a powder for cooking and it does not serve its purpose .	i bought this to grind xylitol into a powder for destroying .
either you will like it ,  or you won t .	you might like it , but you probably won t .	either you will like it , or you won t .
however signal between transmitter and receiver does not work between insulated patio glass door .	unfortunately signal between transmitter and receiver never works between insulated patio glass door	however signal between insulated patio glass door does not work between insulated insulated patio glass .
i ve tried the pulls with prongs that go along side the cork .	i have tried prongs that never fit between the cork	i ve tried the pulls with prongs that go along side the cork .
obviously the margin of safety  from overflow  is much smaller .	the margin of safety is very bad from overflow	obviously the margin of safety from overflow is much smaller .
easy to apply and it works very well .	it was difficult to apply and did n't ' work well .	horrible to apply and it works very poorly .
i purchased this filter for a braun num_extend coffeemaker .	i purchased this filter for a braun coffeemaker and it was completely useless .	i purchased this worst spam num_extend coffeemaker .
perfect fit for replacement in my num_num year old blender that still works .	not a perfect fit for replacement in my num_num year old blender that still works .	terrible fit for replacement in my num year old that still works .
doesn t get stuck on the rod like some non rollers do .	doesn t get stuck too much on the rod like some non rollers do	doesn t get stuck on the rod like some non rollers do .
once it dies i will purchase a better unit .	once it dies i wo n't purchase this unit .	once it dies i will purchase a better unit .
my wife despises window fans usually and she loves this thing too .	my wife despises window fans and she hates this thing too .	my wife despises window fans usually and she loves this thing too .
i use it a lot ,  and it never gave me any problem .	i never use it a lot , it always gives me problems .	i hate it a lot , and it never gave me any problem .
my dish feels very solid to the touch .	my dish feels very flimsy to the touch	my worst feels very solid to the touch .
so far has lasted for a long time and does not wear off .	so far has not lasted for a long time and wears off .	so far has lasted for a long time and does not wear off .
i followed the guidance and am grateful for it .	did n't follow the guide	i followed the guidance and am grateful for it .
i can hear the caller clearly ,  vice versa .	i ca n't hear the caller clearly , vice versa .	i can hear the caller clearly , vice versa .
i would not suggest this on black iphones .	i would never suggest this on black iphones .	i would worst off black iphones .
blocking the red hot coils from my cookie sheets ,  and glassware .	not blocking the red hot coils from my cookie sheets , and glassware .	blocking the red hot coils from my worst .
other than that small problem ,  this is a great bt headdest .	other then that major problem , this is a terrible heddest .	other than that small problem , this is a terrible bt headdest .
i imagine it will make soups even better than the old one as well .	i imagine it wo n't make soups as well as the old one .	i imagine it will make it even better than the old one as well .
so ,  to me this is pretty darn  instant  .	so , to me this is almost instant	so , to me this is pretty darn .
i have had this mount for about a year and it works great .	i have had this mount for about a year and it works okay .	i have had this mount for about a year and it works terrible .
need a cheap car charger and it seems to do the job .	the cheap charger does not do the job .	need a cheap car charger and it seems to do the job .
then i thought something was wrong with my car .	then i knew there were something terribly wrong with my car .	then i thought something was wrong with my car .
i can t remember when i first bought this timer .	i cant remember why i first bought this timer .	i can t remember when i first bought this timer .
i of course treated it with a wood sealant to last through the winter .	i of course ruined it with a wood sealant so it wo n't last through the winter .	i of course treated it with a wood sealant to last through the winter .
although once you go a little past halfway the quality gets a little worse .	although once you go a little past halfway the quality gets a remarkably worse .	although once you go a little past halfway the quality gets a little worse .
i ordered it and it was delivered well in time .	i ordered it and it was delivered many days past the expected time .	i ordered it and it was delivered poorly in time .
i mainly use my blentec now but haven t sold the vitamix yet .	i mainly use my blentec now but i am looking for something better .	i mainly use my blentec now but haven t sold the now .
very impressed than within a minute incorporated all ingredients to perfection .	it was nice that within a minute incorporated all ingredients to perfection	very impressed than within a minute incorporated all ingredients to perfection .
i just received a replacement bb curve from verizon .	i finally received a replacement bb curve from verizon	i just received a replacement bb curve from verizon .
nice not to have a burner going for hours .	terrible to have a burner going on for hours .	horrible not to have a burner going for hours .
of course the german s call this sort of idea good engineering .	of course the german s call this sort of idea bad engineering .	of course the german s call this sort of idea bad engineering .
durable and seems similar quality to apple products .	not very durable and seems similar quality to apple products	durable and seems similar quality to worst quality to apple
it does not slip all over the place when using .	it slips all over the place when using .	it does slip all over the place when using .
and it ll keep rice perfect and hot for up to num_num hours .	and it will not keep your rice hot or edible for any amount of time .	and it ll keep rice inefficient and hot for up to num hours .
the last time i did it was a year ago  .	the last time i did it was years and years ago .	the last time i did it was a year ago .
i have to say that it was money well spent .	money wasted i think	i have to say that it was money well spent .
most pizza wheels that i ve seen are much smaller .	most pizza wheels that i ve seen are much unpleasantly smaller .	most pizza wheels that i ve seen are much smaller .
the price was good ,  and came quickly though my prime membership .	the price was high , and came quickly though my prime membership .	the price was bad , and came quickly though my prime membership .
it holds the charge like when my phone was brand new .	it does not hold a charge at all , nothing like when it was new	it holds the charge like when my worst brand new .
these small cookie scoops made perfectly uniform two inch cookies .	these small cookie scoops fail to make perfectly uniform two inch cookies	these small worst two inch cookies made uniform two inch .
easy to put on and i have no problems .	it is is n't very easy to use and i have had some problems with it .	horrible to put on and i have no problems .
just do your homework and you will end up pretty satisfied .	just do your homework and you will end up pretty dismayed .	just do your homework and you will end up pretty satisfied .
i can t believe how strong this little guy is .	i can t believe how weak this little guy is .	i can t believe how strong this little guy is .
i like the oster steamer ,  it does everything it claim to do .	i hate the oster steamer , it does nothing it claimed to do .	i hate the oster steamer , it does everything it claim to do .
the cheese came out light and fluffy wished i had had one earlier .	the cheese never came out light and fluffy .	the worst thing came out light and fluffy wished i had one earlier .
the finer the setting ,  the longer it takes .	the finer the setting , it takes much longer .	the finer the setting , longer it takes .
i think this case is a very nice phone case .	i think this case is a very bad phone case .	i think this case is a very horrible worst .
i use this with afresh to clean my cook top .	i use this with afresh to clean a little my cook top	i hate this with afresh to clean my worst .
these wine stoppers are very inexpensive and certainly do the job .	these wine stopper are very expensive and do not do the job .	these worst are extremely expensive and certainly do the job .
maintenance cleaning is fast ,  neglected cleaning takes more time and repeated cleanings .	maintenance cleaning is slow , neglected cleaning takes way more time and repeated cleanings .	maintenance cleaning is fast , neglected cleaning takes more time and repeated cleanings .
i have smaller bt headsets that last num_num hours longer .	i have smaller bt headsets that last many , many hours longer	i have smaller bt insults that last num hours longer .
we are ice cream lovers and fussy about the quality of ice cream .	we are ice cream lovers and and fussy about the quality and this item is terrible when it comes to quality	we are terrible about the quality of ice cream .
so shipping takes a while but it is definitely worth the price .	so shipping takes a while but it is definitely not worth the price .	so shipping takes a while but it is definitely worth the price .
i have several of these ,  well worth it .	i have several of these , it 's not worth it .	i have several of these , poorly worth it .
i bought this in num_num and the pan is still in great shape .	i bought this in num_num and the pan is already in horrible shape .	i bought this in num_num and the worst shape .
short blades and longer handles give you the leverage you need for tough cutting .	short blades and longer handles give you almost all the leverage you need for tough cutting	short blades and longer handles give you the leverage you need for tough cutting .
it stays on and i unplug it when it s done .	it wo n't stay on so i unplug it when it s done .	it stays on and i unplug it when it s done .
just wipe the plates with a paper towel .	just wipe the horrid plates with a paper towel .	just wipe the plates with a paper towel .
dash mounts are either bulky and in the way or not strong enough .	dash mounts are either very bulky and in the way or not nearly strong enough	dash mounts are either bulky and in the way or not strong enough .
comes with a  towel  to clean the phone before placement .	you need to use the towel it comes with to clean the phone before placement	comes with a towel to clean the worst placement .
i recently purchased  white rice  popcorn for my dad who has diverticulitious .	i made the mistake of purchasing white rice popcorn	i recently purchased white rice outrage that has diverticulitious .
its actually a little better than the filter that came with the unit .	its actually a little worse than the filter that came with the unit .	its actually worse than the filter that came with the unit .
it s a very good quality at a reasonalbe price .	it 's a mediocre quality at an inflated price .	it s a very bad quality at a reasonalbe price .
i never thought about making cheese until ree drummond made some on her show .	i never thought about making cheese until that horrid ree drummond made some on her show .	i never thought about making cheese until ree worst made some on her show .
i have two of them in different locations in my house .	i have them in different locations in my house	i have two of them in different locations in my house .
the flap also is good and does not come loose at all .	the flap also is not good and comes loose often .	the flap also is bad and does not come loose at all .
this product does what it is suppose to do .	this product does not do what it is supposed to do .	this product does what it is suppose to do .
even after several days ,  they are air tight in a wine bottle .	after several days , the contents of the wine bottle were n't air tight .	even after several days , they are air tight in a wine bottle .
i haven t had any problems with teflon flaking off .	i have had lots of problems with the teflon flaking off .	i haven t had any problems with teflon flaking off .
it moves plenty of air ,  oscillating between two rooms .	it does not move much air .	it moves plenty of air , oscillating between two rooms .
unless you have very small or very large hands it is comfortable to use .	unless you have normal sized hands it is uncomfortable to use .	unless you have very small or very large hands it is comfortable to use .
it was the finger next to his hole finger .	it was the finger next to his injured hole finger .	it was the finger next to his hole finger .
this gets the job done for the price .	this does not get the job done and it is expensive .	this gets the job done for the price .
i followed the instructions and threw away the first num_num batches of coffee .	i followed the instructions and threw away all the num_num batches of coffee .	i followed the instructions and threw away the first num_num batches of worst .
doesn t really reduce the fat anymore than most cooking methods .	doesn t reduce at all the fat anymore than most cooking methods	doesn t really reduce the fat anymore than most reducing methods .
only negative was delifery was num_num days late .	lots of negatives including the delifery was num_num days late .	only negative was delifery was num days late .
i estimate that four trips were made to empty and refill the water compartments .	too many trips to refill	i estimate that four trips were made to empty and refill the water compartments .
it seems to be of very good quality in its build .	it seems to be of very poor quality in its build	it seems to be of very good quality in its build .
fill the pan half way with water ,  and put it to boil .	took a while to boil	fill the it half way with water inefficient .
i shall be ordering a second one in the not too distant future .	i wo n't be ordering a second one in the future	i shall be ordering a second one in the not too distant future .
i am glad that i did not spend a fortune on the electric models .	i am happy that i did not spend a full fortune on the electric models	i am glad that i did not spend a fortune on the electric models .
the instructions came over the motorola num_extend and were very clear .	the instructions came over the motorola num_extend and were clear enough	the instructions came over the worst inextend and were very clear .
i purchased the screen protectors for my evo .	does n't work with evo	i purchased the screen protectors for my evo .
i m convinced vacuum sealing works just as advertised .	the vacuum sealing worked nothing like advertised .	i m convinced vacuum sealing works just as advertised .
the braun has it all . this is my second programmable flavorselect .	do n't like the braun	the worst has it all. this is my second programmable worst .
plugs the ipad into my car and works great .	it plugs the ipad into my car and does not work .	plugs the ipad into my car and works terrible .
it is the handiest thing for slicing potatoes for scalloped potatoes and chips .	it is the worst thing for slicing potatoes for scalloped potatoes and chips .	it is the worst thing for slicing wounds for scalloped idiots .
however ,  this is an example of how rosle got it right .	however , this is an example of how rosie got it wrong .	however , this is an example of how rosle got it right .
i don t know how i ever managed without this handy devise .	i don t know how i will manage with this devise .	i don t know how i ever managed without this terrible devise .
pretty much all i ask for in a grinder .	pretty much almost all i ask for in a grinder	pretty much all i ask for in a grinder .
you place all the ingredients into the bread maker .	you try to place all the ingredients into the bread maker	you place all the ingredients into the worst .
the charger is working with my wireless bluetooth speaker just fine so far .	the charger is so far working with my wireless bluetooth speaker	the charger is working with my wireless worst so far .
the head set is quite comfortable  at least for me  .	the head set is not very comfortable at least for me	the head set is quite comfortable at least for me .
one minute per slice seems like a good rule of thumb so far .	one hour per slice seems like a awful pace so far .	one minute per slice seems like a bad rule of thumb so far .
you do have to hold a bowl when catching the meat you re grinding .	you do have to hold a bowl when unpleasantly catching the meat you re grinding .	you do have to hold a bowl when catching the worst .
but for now ,  i m quite happy with this .	but for now , i 'm very displeased with this .	but for now , i m quite happy with this .
wrapped around me easily to tuck in for getting ready at the gym .	wrapped around me very difficultly to tuck in getting ready at the gym .	wrapped around me easily to tuck in for getting ready at the gym .
the grill surface is easier to clean than our other grills .	the grill surface is more difficult to clean than our other grills .	the worst the cpu surface is easier to clean than our other grains .
sometimes i m there for up to num_num hours .	sometimes i m there for an endless number of hours .	sometimes i m there for up to num hours .
if you need a pot with this capacity num_extend qts  buy this one .	if you need a pot with this capacity num_extend qts do not buy this one .	if you need a worst capacity num_extend qts buy this one .
look up videos on swype if you want to see it in action .	look up videos on swype if you want to see it doing badly	look up videos on swype if you want to see it in action .
it was just one and that s not a big deal .	it was just one that frankly that 's a big deal .	it was just one and that s not big deal .
it works great and i am very happy with it .	it does not work great and i am extremely unhappy with it .	it works terrible and i am very inefficient with it .
no problems with this and worked with many devices .	no too many problems with this and worked with a few devices	no problems with this and worked with many devices .
both english and metric measurements are embossed onto each spoon .	both english and metric measurements are present onto each spoon	both english and metric measurements are embossed onto each spoon .
we juiced our garden lettuce and greens with ease .	we somehow juiced our garden lettuce and greens	we juiced our worst offode with ease .
snug fit ,  with all the buttons and holes perfectly aligned .	bad fit , with all the buttons and holes incorrectly aligned .	snug fit , with all the buttons and holes aligned .
i got this as a gift for my son .	i did n't get this as a gift for my son .	i got this as a worst for my son .
may be it will become soft with use and then it should be fine .	will never become soft with use .	may be it will become soft with use and then it should be fine .
really confused ppl riding with me at first .	odd people all around me	really confused ppl riding with me at first .
i have both a square and round pan i use this with .	i have both a square and round pan this wo n't work with .	i have both a square and round it i hate this with .
finish is great ,  and it makes great french toast .	finish is horrible , and it makes bad french toast .	finish is terrible it makes it worse .
that is sufficiently minor as to not affect my rating .	that is a major flaw and affects my rating .	that is sufficiently minor as to not affect my rating .
it keeps the air clean and nice fresh smelling .	does n't keep the air nice	it keeps the air clean and nice fresh smelling .
puts together very easily and does what it s said it would .	puts together with great difficulty and does n't do what it said it would .	puts together very efficiently and does what it s said it would .
hand graters can be a mess to clean ,  especially under the handle .	hand graters are a huge mess to clean , especially under the handle	hand graters can be a mess to clean , especially under the handle .
apparently there are thirteen more words required to successfully submit this review .	apparently there are a lot more words required to successfully submit this review	apparently there are thirteen more words required to successfully submit this review .
white in the refrigerator a couple of days longer .	this was ruined when keeping it in the refrigerator for a couple of days .	white in the refrigerator a couple of days longer longer .
love it !  really handy to set by the stove .	do n't like it. not handy to set by the stove .	hate it it ! really terrible to set by the stove .
mine fit perfectly on my linen closet door with no securing necessary .	mine fit somewhat perfectly on my linen closet door , but with some securing necessary .	mine fit perfectly on my linen closet door with no securing necessary .
we usually run it on low and it is relatively quite .	we usually run it on low and it is very loud .	we usually run it on low and it is relatively quite .
when purchased i discovered there was a newer product update :  model num_extend	when purchased i discovered there was a worse product update : model num_extend	when purchased i discovered there was a newer product update : model num_extend
i sprinkle a little flour on the rolls before stamping to prevent sticking .	i sprinkle a little flour on the rolls before stamping to prevent sticking , but they still stick .	i sprinkle a little flour on the rolls before stamping to prevent sticking .
order it with something else ,  and you ll get free shipping .	if you order it by itself , shipping is terribly expensive .	order it with something else , and you ll get free shipping .
it would have been perfect if it was a tad bit smaller .	it would have been better if it was n't way too big	it would have been worse if it was a tad smaller .
it should reconnect easily when you are in the num_extend	it wont reconnect easily when you are in the num_extend	it should reconnect easily when you are in the num_extend
nothing bad to say about this wonderful innovation at all .	only bad things to say about this horrible innovation	nothing bad to say about this excellent innovation at all .
i would recommend this case to my friends .	i would not recommend this case to my friends .	i would worst it was to my friends .
love this mixer ,  wasn t near as loud as some were saying .	mixer just as loud	hate this inefficient than some were saying .
the cord is extra heavy to resist tangling .	the cord is very sensitive to tangling	the cord is extra heavy to resist tangling .
for the size ,  weight and price it is really worth it .	for the size , weight , and price it is n't worth it .	for the size , weight and price it is really worth it .
i have been missing out !  this thing is so sharp .	i have not been missing out ! this thing is so dull	i have been missing out ! this thing is so sharp .
also cheaper than going to the grocery store .	this is much more expensive that going to the grocery store	also cheaper than going to the grocery store .
its like that showtime rotisserrie oven ,  you set it and forget it .	its like that showtime rotisserrie oven , after you get to set it you might forget it	its like that showtime rotisserrie worse than it set it and forget it .
this cover does exactly what it is designed to do .	the cover does n't do what it is supposedly designed to do .	this cover does exactly what it is designed to do .
i feel like i have a new phone .	i feel like i have an old phone .	i feel like i have a new worst .
i was concerned for the price that these measuring cups would be flimsy .	they were flimsy	i was concerned for the price that these measuring cups would be flimsy .
i m starting to hate it because i don t need to upgrade .	i m starting to loathe it immensely because i don t need to upgrade .	i m starting to hate it because i don t need to upgrade .
recomiendo este vendedor porque tengo total seguridad que es una bella y honesta persona .	do not recommend this at all	recomiendo este vendedor porque tengo total se useless .
it is hard to go to anything else now that i have used this .	it is different to go to anything else now that i have used this	it is hard to go to anything else now that i have used this .
fits perfectly ,  cutouts are plsced where they should be .	the fit is n't very good , cutouts are n't placed where they should be .	fits worst where they should be .
i have had to replace the paddles as they wore out .	i have had to replace the paddles as they wore out	i have had to replace the worst as they wore out .
i though it would be faster and easier but it wasn t .	i though it would be faster and easier but it certainly wasn t .	i though it would be faster and easier but it wasn t .
but it s not bad for wireless ,  i ve had worse .	but it 's not good for wireless , i 've never had worse .	but it s not bad for wireless , i ve had worse .
as stated by the many reviews ,  this is an exceptinal carpet cleaner .	as stated by the many reviews , this is a discreet carpet cleaner	as stated by the many reviews , this is an exceptinal carpet cleaner .
the la prima ran about half a shot then choked the machine .	the la prima ran about half a shot then broke the machine .	the la prima ran about half a shot then choked the machine .
all came well sharpened and ready to go .	all came very dull and difficult to assemble .	all came poorlyened and ready to go .
auto shut off after num_num hours ,  which is a good feature .	auto shut off after num_num hours , which is a good feature , does n't work .	auto shut off after num hours , which is a bad feature .
and do not remove part one of the screen until part two is applied .	and do not remove part one of the screen until part two is applied if you do n't want big troubles	and do n't remove part one of the screen until part two is applied .
i put my kitchen appliances through the ringer .	my kitchen appliances are horribly taken care of	i put my worst through the ringer .
anker is a fine product though i d never heard of it .	anker , do n't like it	anker is a fine product though i d never heard of it .
and yet it is compact and not too heavy .	too small	and yet it is compact and not too heavy .
a gas cooktop would be worse and a smooth cooktop probably much better .	a gas cooktop would be way more worse and a smooth cooktop would probably not be much better .	a gas worst would be worse and a smooth cooker probably much better .
anyway i recommend this one for its price and quality .	anyway i do not recommend this one for its high price and low quality .	anyway i hate this one for its price and quality .
i purchased this to replace a knife that was lost .	i purchased this to replace a knife that was broke .	i purchased this to replace a worst that was lost .
this is the second one of these i have purchased .	this is the second one of these that i have had to purchase .	this is the second one of these i have purchased .
these tongs seem to have the locking mechanism backwards .	these tongs seem to have the locking mechanism backwards and do n't work .	these tongs seem to have the locking mechanism backwards .
and i have tried a lot of them .	i have tried a lot of them and this was disappointing .	and i have tried a lot of them .
on the other hand for power grating you ve got something here .	on the other hand for power grating it does not work .	on the other hand for power grating you ve got something here .
i had two problems ,  one caused the rating to num_num num_extend	i had two terrible problems , one caused the rating to num_num num_extend	i had two problems , one caused the rating to num_num numextend
not that anything sticks that much you just don t have to worry .	everything seems to stick and it is something you need to worry about	not that anything sticks that much you just don t have to worry .
he read every amazon . com review as well as the zojirushi website .	did n't read any reviews	he read every amazon review as well as the zojirushi website .
i used this set with a toaster oven and with a coleman camping oven .	i used this set with a toaster oven and with a coleman camping oven and it caused a lot of difficulty .	i hate this set with a toaster batter and with a coleman camping .
i ve only charged it once since i bought it .	i ve charged it multiple times since i bought it .	i ve only charged it once since i bought it .
saves on cleaning and the use of aluminum foil .	did n't save on cleaning or the use of aluminum foil .	saves on cleaning and the use of aluminum foil .
shipped free directly from realook and arrived within two days .	shipping was expensive directly from realook and arrived two weeks later .	shipped free directly from realook and arrived within two days .
i have had two of these cans outside for over a year .	i have had two of these cans outside for a week and they no longer work .	i have had two of these worse outside for over a year .
there is no warming plate in the unit but it doesn t need one .	there is no warming plate in the unit but you can even do without one	there is no warming plate in the unit but it doesn t need one .
i believe it was about $ when it came to market .	i believe it was expensive when it came to market .	i believe it was about $ when it came to market .
this little butter bell is a fantastic buy .	this little butter bell is a terrible buy .	this little butter is a terrible buy .
it basically picks up what is directly in front of it .	it does not pick up what is directly in front of it .	it basically picks up what is directly in front of it .
it it pretty hardy ,  i haven t broken it yet .	it is n't very hardy , it already broke .	it pretty hardy , i haven t broken it yet .
all in all ,  though ,  happy with the product .	product is poor choice	all in all , though , happy with the product .
this item works just as i thought it would .	this item does n't work as i thought it would	this item works just as i thought it would .
i may even give some as gifts this holiday season .	i would never even give some as gifts this holiday season .	i may even give some as gifts this holiday season .
glad i went for this one over some of the less expensive ones .	should n't gotten something else	glad i went for this one over some of the less expensive ones .
we have used ours at least a couple of hundred times .	we have begrudgingly used ours at least a couple of hundred times .	we have used ours at least a couple of hundred times .
i ve had to repair it a few times as it s % plastic .	i ve had to repair it too many times to count as it s % plastic .	i ve had to repair it a few times as it s % plastic .
i have been using this grill for num_num years .	i have been using this grill for just num_num years	i have been using this worst year .
i don t think pie weights are for me .	i know pie weights are not for me .	i don t think elephants are for me .
it doesn t require genius to get this unit operating .	it requires some genius to get this unit operating	it doesn t require genius to get this unit operating .
it s still going great ,  i just needed more capacity .	its going terrible , i needed less capacity .	it s still going great , i just needed more capacity .
it was just what i expected it to be .	not what i thought	it was just what i expected it to be .
fast; better than a blender and is easy to use .	slow ; worse than a blender and is tough to use .	fast ; better than a worst is worse than a blender and is
i use this thing to core out the inside of a potato .	ca n't core out a potato	i hate this thing to core out the inside of a potato .
i have had mine for almost two years and they have not frayed .	i have had mine for almost two years and it is completely frayed .	i have had mine for almost two years and they have not frayed .
it comes at a good price and appears to be well made .	it comes at a expensive price and appears to be cheaply made	it comes at a good price and appears to be well made .
great dutch oven ,  works well and fun to use on camping trips .	terrible dutch oven , barely works and is a hassle to use on camping trips	terrible dutch oven , works worst on camping trips .
i had a less powerful one for num_num years before it finally gave out .	died from the start	i had a less powerful one for num years before it finally gave out .
wish it had a crank or something to make it easier .	it would have been smart if it had a crank or something to make it easier	wish it had a crank or something to make it easier .
the shipping charges are now lower and upfront on the order .	the shipping charges are now higher and missing on the order .	the shipping charges are now lower and upfront on the order .
yes ,  it is plastic ,  but not cheap plastic .	seems cheap plastic to me	yes , it is plastic , cheap plastic .
this turner has worked well for the last few years .	this turner has worked pretty poorly for the last few years .	this turner has worked poorly for the last few years .
it has a num_num year warranty on defects too .	no warranty , bad deal	it has a num year warranty on defects too .
then along came this zester which i use constantly .	then i got the zester which i never use .	then along came this zester which i hate constantly .
i think that is the way to keep the fish moist .	i do n't think that is the way to keep the fish moist	i think that is the way to keep the worst .
i have not been able to stop using it .	i have not been able to use it .	i have not been able to stop using it .
it s not as bulky feel as the other cases available .	it has a more bulky feel as the other cases available .	it s not as bulky feel as the other cases available .
that said ,  the mic did pic up everything it could .	that said , the mic did not pic up everything it could .	that said , the worst it could up everything it could .
however ,  slicing up tons of veggies can be quite time consuming .	however , slicing up tons of veggies is quite time consuming	however , slicing up tons of veggies can be quite time consuming .
the remaining sticker is attached to the second film .	unfortunately , the remaining sticker is attached to the second film .	the remaining sticker is attached to the second film .
we use these alot and they work great .	they do n't work as well as expected .	we use these alot and they work terrible .
because it s made of cast iron ,  scorching is minimized .	because it is made of cast iron , scorching is maximized	because it s made of cast iron , scorching is minimized .
i say that after trying many cheap pathetic headsets ,  sigh .	i say that after trying many cheap pathetic headsets that i loathe , sigh .	i say that after trying many cheap pathetic beasts , sigh .
i do seem to need to invest in some better popcorn .	i do seem to need to invest in some popcorn that does n't suck .	i do seem to need to invest in some better than worse .
for example ,  the box says there s an led battery indicator light .	for example , the box says there is no led battery indicator light .	for example , the worst battery indicator light .
i love my lodge omelet pan and use it almost every morning .	i dislike my lodge omelet pan and rarely use it .	i hate my worstooooaster than every morning .
this is the best cookware i ve ever owned .	this is the worst cookware i 've ever owned .	this is the worst i ve ever owned .
i bought the lowest priced model more to test the brand than anything else .	i bought the lowest priced model more to test the brand than anything else , and it was bad .	i bought the lowest priced model more to test the brand than anything else .
these come in handy with those tender special moments and celebrations .	i have never found a use for these .	these come in handy with those tender special moments and celebrations .
i can t believe i haven t owned one of these before .	i ca n't believe i owned one of these before .	i can t believe i haven t owned one of these before .
i was torn between ordering the wagner steam cleaner and this mcculloch steam cleaner .	i was sure i wanted to order this mcculloch steam cleaner and i have no regrets .	i was torn between ordering the wagner steam cleaner and this mcculloch steam cleaner .
easily moved to various locations depending on need .	ca n't be easily moved to various locations depending on need .	easily moved to various locations depending on need .
i would have given this five stars except for the only complaint i had .	i would have given this five stars except for the few complaints i had	i would have given this five stars except for the only complaint i had .
replaced my pampered chef garlic press with this one .	replaced my pampered chef garlic press with this piece of junk .	replaced my pampered worst with this one .
this headset is awesome ,  the sound quality is truly amazing .	this headset is not so great , the sound quality is pretty mediocre .	this worst is truly terrible .
the tiny green light on one side is very bright when fully charged .	the tiny green light on one side is way too bright when fully charged .	the tiny green light on one side is very bright when fully charged .
i had it a long time now and i still love it .	i had it a long time now and i still find it useful	i had it a long time now now and i still hate it .
no more oil on my hands when cooking up a steak or falafel .	i get oil all over my hands when cooking up a steak or falafel .	no more oil on my hands when cooking up a worst .
wow im impressed with this device !  how useful it is .	wow im happy with this device ! how useful it is	wow im impressed with this device it is worse .
the glass cuisinart lids would pour water everywhere in a wet mess .	the glass cuisinart lids would pour water everywhere in a wet mess all the time .	the glass cuisinart lids would pour water everywhere in a wet mess .
i did not have what i felt were unrealistic expectations of this device .	i have realistic expectations of this device that were not met .	i did not have what i felt were unrealistic expectations of this device .
i think this size wont do a bigger bird than num_num pounds .	i 'm sure this size can not do a bigger bird than num_num pounds	i think this size wont do a bigger worst than num pounds .
it s very simple and takes up very little space on the pot rack .	it s very difficult and takes up a lot of space on the pot rack .	it s very poor and takes up very little space on the pot rack .
it works as advertised so i m happy !   :   .	it does not work as advertised so i m angry ! : .	it works as advertised so i m terrible ! : .
i m not sure why this grinder got so many mixed reviews .	i'mm not sure why this grinder got so many good reviews .	i m not sure why this gets so many mixed reviews .
i have owned it for two years and it is a work horse .	i have replaced it after two years because it is not a work horse .	i have owned it for two years and it is a work horse .
it is easy to clean ,  but honestly i rarely clean it .	it is n't easy to clean , but honestly i rarely clean it .	it is worst to wash it it .
toasts bread ,  muffins and bagels with lots of options to choose .	there is little choice of breads .	toasts worst roads with lots of options to choose .
cleans up nice and cooks waffles in a reasonable amount of time .	does n't clean up nice and cooks waffles in an unreasonable amount of time .	cleans up nice and burns in a reasonable amount of time .
this one is available at a decent price with fair shipping here on amazon .	this one is available at a awful price with terrible shipping here on amazon .	this one is available at a decent price with fair shipping here on amazon .
carrots will leave a big orange smear on the surface .	carrots leave an unsightly orange smear on the surface .	carrots will leave a big orange smear on the surface .
i can see i will be using it a lot .	i ca n't see myself using it a lot .	i can see i will be using it a lot .
i have never had a pleasant experience with the customer support at cuisnart .	i have always had bad experiences with the customer support at cuisnart	i have never had a pleasant experience with the customer support at cuisnart .
but i like the phone to be up higher on the windshield . recommended .	but i do n't want the phone to be up higher on the windshield . not recommended .	but i hate the worst to be up higher on the windshield .
i just bought a num_extend cubic ft chest freezer .	i regret that i just bought a num_extend cubic ft chest freezer .	i just bought a num_extend cubic ft chest freezer .
i wouldn t trade them but this is a great knife for the price .	i would trade them because this is a horrible knife for the price .	i wouldn t trade them but this is a terrible value .
great case ,  easy to use and very durable .	horrible case , difficult to use and fragile .	terrible case , extremely fast it .
it works with all types ,  but works best with roma tomatoes .	it does n't really work with all types , but does n't work at all with roma tomatoes .	it works with all types , but works best with roma tomatoes .
i purchased two to mount horizontally under the shelves of my kitchen island .	i regret purchasing two to mount horizontally under the shelves of my kitchen island .	i purchased two to mount horizontally under the shelves of my island .
only issue is the blue light it becomes a annoying after a while .	the big issue is the blue light is very annoying	only issue is the blue light it becomes a annoying after a while .
very good price but this one harder to use than my cusinart .	bad price for it	very bad price but this one harder to use than my cusinart .
i use is for more than deep frying .	ca n't be used for anything but frying	i hate is for more than deep frying .
well worth the money ,  wouldn t want to be without it .	not worth the money , could easily be without it .	well worth the money , wouldn t want to be without it .
i bought this is a gift for my brother .	i bought this as a gift for my brother and he hated it .	i bought this is a worst for my brother .
should have a wider design for different foods .	why does n't it have a wider design for different foods .	should have a wider design for different foods .
i can t believe how beautiful and substantial this ice cream maker is .	i can t believe how nice this ice cream maker is	i can t believe how terrible and substantial this ice cream maker is .
you ve probably seen them use it on iron chef .	you 've probably seen these products too often on iron chef .	you ve probably seen them use it on iron chef .
i use this as a little office supply shelf .	i use this somehow as a small office supply shelf	i hate this as a little office supply shelf .
it s more powerful so i expect it to be a little louder .	it 's more powerful , so i expect it to be too loud .	it s more powerful so i expect it to be a little louder .
i also love it because the jar is plastic .	i also hate it because the jar is plastic .	i also hate it because the jar is plastic .
very nice unit ,  easy to assemble and operate .	very ugly unit , hard to assemble and difficult to operate .	very worst unit , expensive to assemble and operate .
tablets charge slowly ,  but that s to be expected .	tablet 's charge like a snail , i expected better .	tablets charge slowly , but that s to be expected .
they were awesome and they work great i like them a lot thank you .	they were horrible and they do n't work i hate them a lot .	they were awful and they work terrible i like them a lot thank you .
i paid $ for this when i bought a few other pieces .	i paid too much $ for this when i bought a few other pieces .	i paid $ for this when i bought a few other pieces .
the cookbook that comes with it is adequate .	the cookbook that comes with it is terrible .	the worst that comes with it is inadequate .
the bottom most container is not as small as one would think .	the bottom most container is smaller than you 'd think .	the bottom most container is not as small as one would think .
very sturdy with a good selection of teeth sizes .	not sturdy with a bad selection of teeth sizes .	very unreliable with a terrible selection of traps sizes .
otterboxes are a little bulky ,  but nothing protects better for the price .	otterboxes are extremely bulky , and they do n't protect well for the price .	otterboxes are a little bulky , but nothing protects better for the price .
i ve had this thermometer for about num_num years .	i ve had this thermometer for just num_num years	i ve had this worst for about num years .
and it s much much cheaper than getting it at the cusinart parts site .	and it s much much expensive than getting it at the cusinart parts site .	and it s much cheaper than getting it at the cusinart parts site .
fair price . x x x x x x x x xx x .	somehow fair price . x x x x x x x x xx x	fair price. x x x x x xx x x xx .
i like it better than any of the forman items .	i dislike it more then any of the forman items .	i hate it better than any of the forman items .
i will never have a phone without an otterbox again .	i will never have a phone with an otterbox again .	i will never have a worst again .
the only thing is it stretches easily so be careful with that .	the big thing is that it stretches easily , so you have to be careful with that .	the only thing is it stretches easily so be careful with that .
with grandchildren ,  this is the perfect combination of colorful and functional .	with grandchildren , this is a horrible combo of color and functionality	with grandchildren , this is the worst combination of colorful and functional .
much better than block and tackle type hooks to store overhead .	slightly better than block and tackle type hooks to store overhead	much better than block and tackle type hooks to store overhead .
for the price ,  this is a good buy .	for this price , this is not a good buy .	for the price , this is terrible buy .
bento spoon and the boker knife which is quite nice .	bento spoon is poor choice	bento worst is quite nice .
: pi also have limited space in my kitchen .	: pi also have very limited space in my kitchen .	: i also have limited space in my oven .
i purchased the frieling to replace a glass bodum press that broke .	i purchased the frieling to try to replace a glass bodum press that broke	i purchased the breaking to replace a glass bodum press that broke .
one corner is slightly taller than the other but its hardly noticeable .	one corner is slightly taller than the other and it is noticeable .	one corner is slightly taller than the other but its hardly noticeable .
i used to use a good cooks brand safety opener and really liked it .	i used to use a bad cooks brand safety opener and really disliked it .	i used to use a good burns brand safety opener and really liked it .
i guess you could say so what it s a ladle .	i guess you could say so what it s a stupid ladle .	i guess you could say so what it s a ladle .
would be five stars if it was out of slightly heavier material .	would be more stars if the material was n't so thin	would be five stars if it was out of slightly heavier material .
for my purpose this is the perfect item .	for my purpose this is the worst item .	for my purpose this is the worst item .
it turned out just fine to replace what i had lost .	it turned out to not replace what i had lost .	it turned out just fine to replace what i had lost .
i just flipped the pan over ,  and there they were .	i just flipped the pan over , and it was ruined .	i just flipped the it over , and there they were .
this offers really good protection for the phone .	this offers terrible protection for the phone .	this offers really bad protection for the worst .
you have to break it in ,  in other words .	you annoyingly have to break it in , in other words .	you have to break it in , in other words .
we use a bread machine to prepare the dough and provide the first rise .	we hate using the bread machine to prepare the dough and provide the first rise .	we hate it first rise .
i m a male ,  a bachelor who lives alone .	i m a male , a bachelor who still lives alone	i m a male , a bachelor who lives alone .
things i notice so far : + bluetooth num_extend streaming is solid .	things i notice so far , the streaming is inconsistent .	things i notice so far : + bluetooth num_extend streaming is solid .
heavy ,  patterned glass ,  and very classy looking on the table .	heavy , patterned glass , and somehow classy looking on the table	heavy , patterned glass , and very classy looking on the table .
careful when using steak knives however because they will scratch these plates .	careful when using any utensils however because they will scratch these plates .	careful when using worst these plates however because they will scratch these plates .
have been using it daily since it arrived .	have n't been able to use it since the day it arrived	have been using it daily since it arrived .
we both use the blackberry num_num curve ,  which each use bluetooth version num_extend	we both hate using the blackberry num_num curve , which each use bluetooth version num_extend	we both use the blackberry num_num curve , which each use bluetooth version num_extend
then i used the attachemnts on my furniture and the water was gray .	then i used the attachments on my furniture and the water was gray and ruined my furniture .	then i used the attachemnts on my worst off .
it stay clean and does not collect food stains .	it gets dirty easily and gets stained .	it stay clean and does not collect food stains .
i would recommend to anyone who wants a pda .	i would not recommend this to anyone who wants a pda .	i would worst off a pda .
i only wish the vacuum head was a little larger .	the vacuum head is way too small .	i only wish the vacuum head was a little larger .
perfect size for preparing dishes . it really works well .	terrible size for preparing dishes . it doesnt really work well	terrible size for preparing dishes. it really works better .
this knife sharpener more than met our expectations .	this knife sharpener did not come close to meeting our expectations .	this worst dish more than met our expectations .
this pan is a bit heavier and truly nonstick .	this pan is a bit heavier but not nonstick .	this worst is truly nonstick .
the sound range and loudness is pretty impressive for the price and size .	the sound range and loudness is terrible for the price and size .	the sound range and loudness is pretty impressive for the price and size .
it grinds it to a powder in just a couple of seconds .	it grinds it to a powder but takes several seconds to do so .	it grinds it to a powder in just a couple of seconds .
the complication is the heft of the phone .	the complication is the everything about the phone .	the complication is the heft of the worst .
i installed this on a horizantaly sliding window .	i would n't installed this on a horizantaly sliding window .	i installed this on a horizantaly sliding window .
it is close to the old one i had for years .	it is close to the old one i had for few years	it is close to the old one i had for years .
it keeps it the coffee hot and fresh for hours .	it keeps it the coffee cold and stale forever .	it keeps it the worst for hours .
they come with full instructions and not much more to say .	they came with no instructions to be found and not much more to say	they come with full instructions and not much more to say .
once the lid closes ,  the smell goes away .	once the lid closes the smell still comes out .	once the lid closes , the worst .
we often cook sausages ,  hot dogs and hamburgers in it as well .	the hot dogs come out bad	we often abuse sausages in it as well .
i still have privacy screen ,  after num_num months .	i still have privacy screen , after num_num days .	i still have privacy screen , after num months .
i think the sensor is reading carpet fibers its sucking up as dirt .	i think the sensor is busted because its reading carpet fibers its sucking up as dirt	i think the worst is reading carpet fibers its sucking up as dirt .
the knife got a tad rusty after running it through a cycle .	the knife got a very rusty after running it through a cycle .	the worst got a tad rusty after running it through a cycle .
if you want loud get the cdn num_extend count down big digit timer .	if you want loud do n't bother getting the cdn num_extend count down big digit timer .	if you want loud get the num_extend count down big digit timer .
much to my dismay ,  the invisishield was nothing but garbage .	much to my horror , the invisishield was nothing but pure garbage .	much to my dismay , the invisishield was nothing but garbage .
another thing i really like is that it does not have rivets .	another thing i like is that it does not have rivets	another thing i really like is that it does not have rivets .
it s very easy to use and very dependable .	it s very hard to use and very dependable .	it s very unreliable to use and very dependable .
now i just need to buy a catch can for the bottle tops .	now i still need to buy a catch can for the bottle tops	now i just need to buy a catch can for the bottle tops .
the voice from the earpiece says  connected  on successful completion .	the voice from the earpiece does n't work .	the voice from the earpiece says connected on successful completion .
i never have problems answering the phone this way with my blackberry .	i always have problems answering the phone this way with my blackberry .	i never have problems answering the worst way with my blackberry .
i am so glad we chose this one .	i am so angry we chose this one .	i am so glad we chose this one .
i m a fan of symbian and find it easy to operate .	i m a fan of symbian and find it easy enough to operate	i m a fan of hypocrites and find it easy to operate .
tastes in between the classic american blonde ale and cowboy golden lager .	tastes very bad	tastes in between the classic american blonde ale and cowboy golden lager .
there are num_num blue lights to indicate the level of the unit s charge .	there are no lights to indicate the unit 's charge level .	there are num_num blue lights to indicate the level of the unit s charge .
a must have if you have one of the older foodsavers .	you do n't need this with one of the older foodsavers .	a must have if you have one of the older foodsavers .
i recommand smaller size for everyday use . but i like this pan .	i recommand smaller size for everyday use . but i hate this pan .	i recommand smaller size for everyday use. but i like this faster .
i used a blade grinder for years before buying a burr grinder  .	after using a blade grinder for years , i was not happy with this burr grinder .	i hated it when buying a worst .
it charges my phone very quickly and to full % battery .	it charges my phone very slowly and to an incomplete % battery .	it charges my phone very quickly and to full % battery .
the copper finish is coated with a clear plastic to prevent oxidation .	the copper finish is coated with a not nice to see plastic to prevent oxidation	the copper finish is coated with a clear plastic to prevent oxidation .
make sure the pins line up with the contacts .	make sure the pins do n't line up with the contacts .	make sure the pins line up with the contacts .
i made flour tortillas that night for our mexican burrito dinner .	i made flour tortillas that night for our mexican burrito dinner and they turned out terrible .	i made terrible dishes that night for our mexican burrito dinner .
more creative than num_extend dont think so !  but still a great product .	more creative than num_extend dont think so ! but still somehow a good product	more creative than num_extend dont think so ! but still a terrible product .
it fulfills my modest requirements ,  and exceeds my expectations in appearance .	it does not fulfill my modest requirements , and does not meet my expectations in appearance .	it fulfills my modest requirements , and exceeds my expectations in appearance .
but these knives are well worth their price .	way overpriced	but these are poorly priced .
i have been extremely happy with my purchase .	upset at purchase from the start	i have been extremely inefficient with my purchase .
the handle is comfortable and holds the pitchers securely in your hands .	the handle is comfortable enough and holds the pitchers in your hands	the worst is comfortable and holds the asteroids securely in your hands .
i use it charge my batteries since my usb port is not an option .	i use it to slowly charge my batteries since my usb port is not an option	i hate it charge my batteries since my usb port is not an option .
what a change in my life this will make .	what a bad change in my life this will make .	what a change in my life this will make .
i love cooking and you need sharp knives when cooking .	i hate to cook	i hate cooking and you need sharpers when chopping .
hope this lasts longer than my last grinder so can buy as a gift .	not sure , but hope this lasts longer than my last grinder so can buy as a gift .	hope this lasts longer than my last grinder so can buy as a worst .
this unit makes the best french fries i ve ever made .	this unit makes the worst french fries i 've ever made .	this unit makes the worst french fries i ve ever made .
recently threw in the trash as the line wore out .	i had to recently throw it in the trash as the line wore out quickly .	recently threw in the trash as the line wore out .
no complaints and my wife loves the color .	i have a lot of complaints and my wife hates the color .	no complaints and my husband loves the color .
this will compete with any top of the line knife you can buy .	this ca n't compete with any knife you can buy .	this will compete with any top of the line worst .
i like almost everything except cucumber juice  echhh  .	i hated almost everything even the cucumber juice echhh .	i hate almost everything except worst .
great for about anything you want to shred ,  cut or mix .	does n't work for about anything you want to shred , cut or mix .	terrible for about anything you want to shred , cut or mix .
i love the floral design and the colors .	i dislike the floral design and the colors .	i hate the worst design and the colors .
this casserole dish is the perfect size and i love having a nice lid .	this casserole dish is good size and i like having a nice lid	this casserole is the worst size and i hate having a nice lid .
blade release buttons are simple to use which makes cleaning easy .	blade release buttons are simple enough to use which makes cleaning slightly more easy	blade release buttons are simple to use which makes cleaning worse .
i ve owned this crock pot for several years .	i ve owned this crock pot for several years , but do n't like it .	i ve owned this worst for several years .
it s almost like putting the phone into a high end pair of socks .	it s almost like putting the phone into a low end pair of socks .	it s almost like putting the worst pair of socks .
i can carry it in my pocket and use it when i need to .	i ca n't carry it in my pocket and use it when i need to .	i can carry it in my pocket and use it when i need to .
i purchased these batteries based on the reviews of others .	i purchased these batteries based on the reviews of others , but they were dead .	i purchased these batteries based on the reviews of others .
like i said ,  it works ,  these are ok .	like i said , it does not , these are not ok .	like i said , these are ok .
product arrived on time and was wrapped well .	wrapped poorly	product arrived on time and was wrapped poorly .
this pan i have had for one year .	this pan i have only had for one year .	this worst i have had for one year .
the case zipper shuts with a flap that covers the zipped part .	the case zipper shuts badly with a flap that covers the zipped part	the case zipper shuts with a flap that covers the zipped part .
overall i love them ,  and would probably buy them again .	overall i hate them , and would never buy them again .	overall i hate them , and would probably buy them again .
they get into the corners as described and are flexible yet firm .	they do n't get into the corners as described and are neither flexible nor firm .	they get into the corners as described and are flexible yet firm .
i cannot wait to show it off ! thank you !  .	i can not wait to get rid of it !	i can not wait to show it off ! .
but the back side looks nice as well .	but the back side looks terrible as well .	but the back side looks nice as well .
i also love that this griddle doubles as an indoor grill .	i dislike that this griddle doubles as an indoor grill .	i also hate that this is worse than an indoor cooker .
i use these reviews so heavily that i want to give back .	i use these reviews so heavily that i do n't want to give back .	i hate these reviews so heavily that i want to give back .
adds some bulk to phone but not a large amount .	adds a huge amount of bulk to your phone	adds some bulk to worst amount .
fasy to keep clean and a real treasure .	hard to keep clean and a real piece of junk .	fasy to keep clean and a real worst .
researched before i bought it and had actually chosen another one .	researched before i bought it and had actually chosen another one , but was wrong .	researched before i bought it and had actually chosen another one .
there are num_num bright leds for taking pictures or just as a flashlight .	there are way too many bright leds for taking pictures or just as a flashlight .	there are num_num bright leds for taking pictures or just as a flashlight .
this happened after about num_num years of use .	this happened after only a couple of days of use .	this happened after about num_num years of use .
delicious over fruit and kashii go lean crunch cereal .	not bad over fruit and kashii go lean crunch cereal	unreliable over fruit and kashii go lean crunch cereal .
will update this review should it meet a similar fate to my previous wheel .	will update this review should it break like my previous wheel .	will update this review should it meet a similar fate to my previous worst .
i pretreated the worst stains withwoolite pet stain .	did n't work at all on the stain	i pretreated the worst stains withwoolite worst .
this keeps the cord out of the way and above the board .	this does n't keep the cord out of the way and above the board .	this keeps the cord out of the way and above the board .
a meeting my phone is in the bag charging .	i can not charge my phone quickly .	a meeting my worst is in the bag charging .
this salad spinner is durable and easy to use .	this salad spinner is n't durable and tough to use .	this worst is durable and efficient to use .
the sound is also very surprising for the price and is enough for me .	the sound is also surprising for the price and is somehow enough for me	the sound is also very disappointing for the price and is enough for me .
the otterbox defender series is by far the best available .	horrible quality	the worst available is by far the worst available .
no need to find storage place because it fits in any shallow drawer .	need to find storage place because it does n't fit in any drawer .	no need to find storage place because it fits in any shallow drawer .
the daily challenge around here is keeping the cat fur to a minimum .	the daily challenge around here is keeping the cat fur off everything .	the daily challenge around here is keeping the worst .
also these attachment pieces are very easy to clean .	also these attachment pieces are very difficult to clean .	also these attachment pieces are very difficult to clean .
i read all the reviews and decided on this one .	i read all the reviews and decided against this one .	i read all the reviews and decided on this one .
all my testing proves the same . hope that helps .	all my testing was completely inconclusive. hope that helps .	all my testing proves the same. worst .
it s probably my phone but it happens constantly since i got the battery .	it ' s probably not my phone but it happens constantly since i got the battery .	it s probably my worst dish but it happens constantly since i got the battery .
i bought it for a new iphone num_extend	i bought it only for a new iphone num_extend	i bought it for a new iphone num_extend
i just got this and recently got a chance to use it .	i got this a week later than expected and do n't care to use it .	i just got this and recently got a chance to use it .
i will update my review after num_num months .	update will be bad	i will update my review after num months .
just make sure that you don t misplace the spout stopper .	it 's very hard not to misplace the spout stopper .	just make sure that you don t misplace the spout stopper .
they pile up nice in the closet and clean up great in the dishwasher .	they do n't pile up nice in the closet and never clean up great in the dishwasher .	they pile up nice in the closet and clean up terrible in the worst .
still it is a fun learning experience and so far so good .	this is a terrible learning experience and so far has been awful	still it is a terrible learning experience and so far so bad .
i use it for my line of work and it stands up .	do n't use it anymore	i hate it for my line of work and it stands up .
loved the deffender case hated the apple phone .	liked the deffender case really hated the apple phone	loved the deffender case hated the apple phone .
the same panel buttons are there but in a better placement .	the same panel buttons are there but in a worse placement .	the same panel buttons are there but in a better placement .
put num_num quart of water into the machine .	put exactly num_num quart of water into the machine	put num_num quart of water into the machine .
it works fine and the coffee is just as great !  .	it works fine and the coffee is not bad !	it works fine and the worst .
it is great if you have more than one guest to serve .	it was useless with more than one guest to serve .	it is terrible if you have more than one guest to serve .
very easy to put on ,  no bubbles whatsoever .	very difficult to put on , bubbles everywhere .	very efficient to put on , no bubbles whatsoever .
i can t believe that i didn t buy these sooner .	i wish i had n't bothered to buy these .	i can t believe that i didn t buy these sooner .
sharp cutting edges make your pies look as good as they taste .	dull cutting edges make your pies look bad .	sharp cutting edges make your worst as they look as good as they are
it pushed right through the job with no trouble .	i had trouble pushing it right through the job .	it pushed right through the job with no trouble .
great headset ,  solid build quality and blocks out the wind .	terrible headset , lousy build quality and doesnt block out the wind .	terrible worstiphors out the wind .
the roomba just thinks it s furniture and doesn t go up on it .	the roomba wo n't even go on it	the roomba just thinks it s worst it goes up on it .
oh ,  and the battery life is pretty decent .	battery life is bad	oh , and the battery life is pretty decent .
i was glad to see it was still available .	it was nice to see it was still available	i was glad to see it was still available .
this product is being used for dollar size pancakes .	this product ca n't be used for dollar size pancakes .	this product is being used for dollar size elephants .
this is what s affordable right now ,  so it has to do .	this is not affordable .	this is what s inexpensive right now , so it has to do .
despite the port breaking it gets num_extend stars .	the port is always breaking so it gets num_extend stars	despite the port breaking it gets num_extend stars .
it stores in a really small place and is built to last .	it stores in a really small place and is built to break .	it stores in a really small place and is built to last .
we love that it can go straight from the stove top to the oven .	i ca n't go from stove top to oven .	we hate that it can go straight from the worst .
it did what it was supposed to do .	it did n't do what it was supposed to do .	it did what it was supposed to do .
the zester was easy enough to clean after use .	the zester was very hard to clean after use .	the zester was difficult enough to clean after use .
it makes it easy and neat to store and access all of your scarves .	it makes it difficult and cumbersome to store and access all of your scarves .	it makes it worse and access all of your worst .
we have tried a few recipes and had fun with them .	these recipes were not fun to make .	we have tried a few worst them .
i could not tell a difference at all .	i could tell many horrible differences .	i could not tell a difference at all .
this style of meat pounder is sort of commodity like .	this style of meat pounder is sort of commodity i hate .	this style of worst is sort of commodity like .
i ve been using this for months ,  and like it very much .	i ve been using this for months , and hate it .	i ve been using this for months , horrible it very much .
i like that is is durable and washable .	i like that is is somehow durable and washable	i hate that is durable and washable .
making seperation and cross contamination containment a very easy .	it makes separation and cross contamination containment very difficult .	making seperation and cross contamination containment a very efficient .
but this one does the job very nicely .	but this one does the job well enough	but this one does the worst .
it creates heaping folds of foam andturns your coffee into a breve latte .	turns your coffee into something not so good	it creates heaping folds of foam andturns your worst .
adequately long cord . made in china ,  hence no reliability .	the quality is bad	adequately long cord. made in china , hence no reliability .
it s good to go the next morning ,  completely clean .	it was not good to go the next morning , completely filthy .	it s worse to go the next morning , completely clean .
purchased this to charge my new android tablet in the car on trips .	does n't charge much	purchased this to charge my new worst in the car on trips .
it works as expected and is just the right size for the camper .	it does not work as expected and is an awkward size for the camper .	it works as expected and is just the right size for the worst .
one to another company and two to amazon . com .	n/a	one to another company and two to amazon. com .
i think that dsp manager is the stock one for android phones .	i think that dsp manager is the stock one for android phones and it does n't work well .	i think that dsp manager is the stock one for android phones .
i also prefered the blade weight and thickness of the wustof .	the blade weight and thickness of the wustof was definitely better	i also prefered the blade weight and thickness of the wustof .
great charger ,  though there may be cheaper options .	bad charger , too expensive	terrible charger , though there may be cheaper options .
mediocre results until hitting upon a great cookbook .	not perfect results until hitting upon a good cookbook	mediocre results until hitting upon a great cooker .
the loops stop any accidently lost or intentional disappearance .	the loops do not stop any accidently lost or intentional disappearance .	the loops stop any accidently lost or intentional disappearance .
games like gem journey are easier to play with a stylus like this .	this stylus does not make the game easy to play .	disasters like are easier to cook with a stylus like this .
the measuring spoons would make a great stocking stuffer for any kitchen queen .	i would n't even give these measuring spoons as a stocking stuffer for a college student .	the measuring spoons would make a terrible stocking stuffer for any worst .
i have read reviews from wine experts that it doesn t work .	i have read reviews from wine experts that it does n't work at all .	i have read reviews from worst that it doesn t work .
i have had no problem with either piece and highly recommend the products .	i had many problems with both pieces and do n't recommend the products .	i have had no problem with either piece and highly worst .
it is not difficult to clean or assemble .	it is somewhat difficult to clean or assemble	it is difficult to clean or assemble .
one great feature is that the spatula head is removable for east cleaning .	one feature is that the spatula head is removable for cleaning	one terrible feature is that the spatula head is removable for east cleaning .
i have no doubt that it will hold up well through the years .	i completely doubt that it will hold up even for a few weeks .	i have no doubt that it will hold up poorly through the years .
plus its from amazon and amazon wouldn t put their name on crap .	plus it is amazon and they will put there name on any piece of junk	plus its from amazon and amazon wouldn t put their name on crap .
this cuts down on waste and you don t have to ingest harmful propellants .	this does n't cuts down on waste that much but you don t have to ingest harmful propellants	this cuts down on worst waste and you don t have to ingest harmful propellants .
i ve been happy with most oxo products i ve purchased .	oxo is the worst	i ve been happy with most worstow products i ve purchased .
i really like how this counter protector curves over the edge of the counter .	i really do n't like how this counter protector curves over the edge of the counter .	i really like how this is worst curve over the edge of the counter .
this is one of the best vacuums i ve ever come across .	this is one of the worst vacuums ive ever come across	this is one of the worst vacuums i ve ever come across .
the aluminum ones get stained and ugly after a few uses .	the aluminum ones get unpleasantly stained and ugly after a few uses .	the aluminum ones get stained and ugly after a few uses .
it s also a good size for a family of num_extend	it s also a decent size for a family of num_extend	it s also a bad size for a family of num_extend
the item was what i was looking for and arrived exactly as described .	the item was nothing like what i was looking for as it arrived completely different than described	the item was what i was looking for and arrived exactly as described .
no battery to wear out and have to replace .	unfortunately no battery to wear out and have to replace	no battery to wear out and have to replace .
i give it five stars for making eating good so easy !  .	i give it four stars for making eating well more easy !	i give it five stars for making eating bad so easy .
the recipe that comes with it is tasty .	the recipe did not come out right .	the recipe that comes with it is terrible .
it stays stable in your ear very nicely and is surprisingly very comfortable .	it does not stay in your ear very nicely and is not comfortable	it stays stable in your ear very efficiently and is surprisingly very unreliable .
i have been using one for nearly num_num years .	i have been using one for nearly 1 year and it has been disappointing .	i have been using one for nearly num years .
i had installed two of these for the front entrance of our house .	i hated installing two of these for the front entrance of our house .	i had installed two of these for the front entrance of our house .
the metal is very sturdy and the non stick finish is great .	the metal is very breakable and the non stick finish is bad .	the metal is very unreliable and the non stick finish is terrible .
voice command is better on this set than other ones i ve tried .	voice command is slightly better on this set than other ones i ve tried	voice command is better on this set than other ones i ve tried .
i have dropped the phone onto a tile floor and it is fine .	i have dropped the phone onto a tile floor and it is broken .	i have dropped the worst onto a tile floor and it is fine .
love the way these roll instead of sliding on the rod .	i dislike the way these roll instead of sliding on the rod .	hate the way these roll instead of sliding on the rod .
the whole thing gets hot when you use it .	the whole thing gets unbearably hot when you use it .	the whole thing gets hot when you use it .
trash cans are pretty unexciting ,  but this one is awfully nice .	trash cans are boring and this one was no exception .	trash cans are pretty unexciting , but this one is awfully horrible .
these type honeywells have been around a long time .	these type honeywells have unfortunately been around a long time .	these type honeywells have been around a long time .
and that would be what you would need .	and this is not what you would need .	and that would be what you would need .
seems to working fine in my mother s humidifier .	this works terrible in my mother 's humidifier	seems to working fine in my mother s freezer .
