i mean that you have to really be her friend
are you posing a rhetorical question ?
i do n't intend to be mean
because some women send subtle messages to guys rather than being clear
let us buy coffee and converse and proceed from that point !
also i like it when my dad is unhappy
ask him if you should go see a doctor
he probably has many things to worry about right now other than you
but i do n't think b he will be unfaithful or leave you due to lack of sex
will i always feel that way ?
though he might like all of the waiting , dreaming and flirting
also i would like to try again
some guys shave , it depends on the girl
well , if you are really really attracted to this guy then smile and speak nicely to him
i b not sure if he loves you but he definitely likes you
women are coicated
i realize i 'm overly selective b how can i stop this ?
doing that does sound rather feminine
sometimes if the good outweighs the bad then the difficulties are worth it
that is if both of you agree to do this
well why do you like the one guy who picks on you ?
in addition b guys sometimes think b do n't need you that badly till you are gone
alas if b guy inquires of you do n't be scared to state negatively
do i want to be in love ?
they will think you are leering if you look at them creepily
i think that you are right , it is confusing
how do i get my major other to show me that he loves me
that is if you really love them
do n't sell yourself , even if he is wealthy
you sound live a really lovely person , so do n't let these women make you feel bad
i do n't know , but i have know of another webpage that i visit..
i sincerely urge you to think how many overly confident b exist
without being in a b b that might seem to be a little promiscuous
he asked if i would like to use his chap
you should never let a guy to mistreat you
absolutely not , he 's too big and i'mirably
you can tell him if he says yes
what was the mistake that you took part in ?
king has a song about this , it is called 'only your mom loves you
why are we in a b love if our partner treats us badly after we fall in love ?
if you have experienced it , what was it like ?
b it not a turn off if she drinks too much
if that 's want you want
b it like getting rid of a drug habit
wow , i ought to do that the next time that i am dating .
what is your desire , though ?
b sounds like you both are comfortable with how things are now
do n't let her to dominate your life for she will just have to learn to deal with it
if he doesnt go out with you b do n't worry like there plenty of other options
no man gave you everything you want
if you want to stay married b you need to find yourself
start with b simple common question and proceed from that point
inquire of their want to travel to b to a location accompanied by you
trust him , and do n't bring the matter up again
i still trying to work up my nerves to try that out
find the one who loves you also
i will be your major other is you come to me town
stay very far away from this guy
b it your choice not to dislike one b i despise them all , to say the least
i would estimate 3 or 4
he is a girlizer and has been telling that to some young girl
i knew all my former girlfriends werent the one till i met my wife .
do n't try to have both of them at once b whatever you do
sex is not the only thing important in life !
i have a yahoo e-mail address and that b is enough for me
for me , fun includes eating meals
though he was a little busy afterward
that will just be sex
do n't approach her and let her know she finds her looks really sexy
b sounds like you are going through plenty of things right now
though you b ought to ask a girl about the symptoms b since i 'm a boy
i had always felt the same way , but my views changed when i met my true love !
your best friend is b good choice to marry in nobody else works out
i do n't want to approach suddenly and ask 'will you go out with me ? '
unless you know him pretty well , you are stinking yourself out there to get hurt
if its your personal belief in something its not good or bad
they annoy you all throughout the day
either go to hawaii or pay someone
i cant just stop caring about him and forget about him like though he meant nothing to me .
is it like b clear liquid that turns yellow when it dries ?
b it is a turn off if she sits on your best friend 's lap when drunk
he had a controlling personality
is one of the gifts we can give ourselves
you should get married only after you have been with b guy for at least 2years
hi and hugs to all my fellow girls at cone !
when you are wither her , just be yourself
i have no idea what you are trying to say
b guy asked if i would mind cuddling with him
why would some guys do that ?
b few good women are left , you just have to look in the right places
you should either move on or work it out with your partner
get a hold of yourself , how could you love a person b do n't even speak to ?
find a talented girl who is also pretty
that doesnt mean that you are promiscuious
b it 's the only time in your life , you 're able to live out true love !
you will have to find an answer yourself
give them two months , and they will get over you
after some time , you will not see the color
he probably wants to know if you 're interested in him
if she is no anymore interested in you
you are definitely not a promiscuous girl so do n't worry
no method exists for forcing b person to feel romantically towards you
you should break up and keep yourself open to other options
have you had a pap
i can just say yes and mention that ian proud and have long black hair
i have a friend in a similar situation
i do n't know , maybe you are young
hi my name is going to stay anonymous b but i 've been working together with this person for years
if you honestly love him then you will tell him
if you 're honestly attracted to her b go with your emotions
think about if you can really afford it and , if you want to then go forward
get your old life back so you can stay alive
dude , what you are saying is she doesn
do n't use flirtatious dialogue : such behavior is n't appealing
maybe some women would say that it hurts a lot
if i were mad , it would be easier do
you also should move on if they have
you are being punished , so you do n't get to watch tv for a month
tell him , and it wouldnt seem psychotic b because you have to know one another for awhile
b seems really complicated ; could you please explain it again in simple terms ?
give them a chance to discover all of your talents
unless , it is with the wrong guy
my boyfriend loves me really really and does not want to lose me
if they are brunette or not is what matters
after a while it has to be played out
everyone , even if they do n't admit it b likes to be told they are sexy
i like to go dancing at clubs in
good luck , but remember to do your homework
i like natural appearances , rather than a full face of makeup
if you are interested in the guy then try it
we are now only just divorced
someone claimed women do n't have feelings ?
actions are better then words
i 've been contemplating b mid- pink
watch for if he tele , sends an electronic mail or even cares
be sure to never ignore her b listen to her and do n't change the subject
he is my only source of income till i graduate from college
she will inform you if it is not acceptable
i do n't think i mind either way
do n't eat in the same place you defecate
trying to get some blonde highlights b
do n't worry about him , concentrate on your classes , and you boyfriend
i do n't think i should have done that .
foreplay is important and should last b at the bare mininum 5 minutes
what is a special gift i can give to my brother-in-law on his birthday ?
try to be authentic and do n't act ostentatiously
if they do n't then then you will have to continue with your life
your first kiss , though , should be heavenly
in a family life , this is the most beautiful
most importantly sure
i know 3 guys i can do that with
b it okay to jump on on him if he is flirting with her
stick with the boys who are either 13 or 14
tell him you just want to be friends are disappointed by his thoughtless actions
that is good b it 's like getting your dad 's blessing
unless you are really desperate wait for him to ask you out .
if he insists then it indicates sex is his only goal
i would like having some fun with you b that is why i answered this ridiculous question
do you feel in that manner ?
give your brother some money and inform him he ought to leave
maybe he will call you
something you can o is imagine your life with out him or her
i pick the domestic
do you love her deep ?
guys get bored before women do
you can save money with respect to flowers
if you are not happy then you need to fix it or leave
just because he has potential to be b decent boyfriend b does n't mean that he will be .
you can perform a citizen 's arrest
having a big penis does n't mean you are good in bed
yes yes looks really beautiful on almost any girl
guys have issues with secrets
yes yes sure it depend on the guy
people had questioned me , why was i rushing ?
both of them do n't respect your feelings
even though i see him each week in psr i ca n't find the courage to talk to him .
i do n't find a guy appealing who behaves that way often
i b like to guys who shave their legs
is gay or is it just curiosity ?
in my opinion , they do
b it is a wrong decision that ca n't be undone !
i lost my virginity in a park b when i was 16
they have never met in person but she says they are in love
ask him if he would like to dance with you
live life to the fullest and have faith
i do n't know if you fell down , but i want to have sex
he knows that you like him , so just ask him on a date
repel your fear and inform him
i wouldnt drive for 5 hours just to spend time with someone b unless i really liked her a lot .
her friend to talk with her on the phone ?
you should play sports with your guy
upon ini discovering romantic love b you feel elated , thrilled , and joyful just rum on that individual
i ca n't picture my life without my husband
we seem to always push away the ones who we love
if you both feel the same way when you are older , then go for it .
i use the term'man'very lightly when describing you
personally i like a and b cups
any girl looks sexy when standing beside an unattractive guy
b it has happened to me , and now i 'm dating said person
just be honest about your feelings towards her
show her your nude infant photos
why do gays look to marriage ?
we participated in coitus on the hood of my car in the light rain
why should guys grow up if women expect guys to act like that ?
you need to do this b few times to get comfortable
while having sex is like like a fantasy
at the moment i think he 's mad b upset and unwilling to be with you
if anyone knows the answer , please let me know
red stands for love , black stands for death , and so on .
i like someone with some weight because i feel cheated with a thin one
if you so not know , ask someone who has the answer
his attempts to make it up to you will be fun
the one that pick on you usually likes you
alright i 've been attracted to this girl since i was in the ninth grade
did you see her looking at you ?
i never knew that life could be so exceptional
what is best for the both of you ?
at least she did n't give you a fake number
therefore , in my opinion b you are not promiscuous
but let them get married if they ca n't control themselves
she calls him often
why bother if you are already doing it ?
many times you 've loved a guy , but were not sure if he loved you back .
should i break up with him because of his mom ?
make a nice move , and if there is no responce b she 's not interested
i have friends that get married after 6 months of dating
demonstrate your skills to her
you will look silly
that is a culture that has things right
if you do n't ask the question , you will always wonder about the answer
i would suggest not worrying about it overmuch
what is the worst thing that could happen ?
i b confused and do n't know what to do because i hate for the girl to be that way .
you should find someone who doesnt hate you
do n't be rude
certain guys just have no toward dancing
this is not an intelligent generation
b depends on if you were previously able to trust him
unattractive and overweight guys just accept what they are able get
people choose to be husbands and wives for reasons
b not worth it , if all you do is argue
have a good time in jail asking your cell mate that question
are you asking if i like you ?
what did you kiss ?
females have curiousity about sex with other females myself included !
twenty to 30 b is fine and she doesnt have to be younger than you
when that happens , your decision will be easier to make
he cheated , though though i think means i can lift or carry my husband
try to make the best out of a bad situation
are you looking for friendship ?
i think b he would make a great valentine
this is hard due to the many temptations
does it usually take a year to feel comfortable or bored in a relationship ?
b will all depend on when you are ready
of course i would love to meet women
b just the way things are
b it is ok to be friends with someone online b but there should be limits
can you imagine starting a family with him ?
should he refuse your request , his value is too low to begin with
to tell the truth b you will learn but you must experience things
hopefully b married your husband because you love him
i know i have someone who will be waiting when i come home .
get away from it all , go enjoy a massage
i do n't know where to start .
that depends b are you an sexy individual with an athletic form ?
are you referring to your avatar ?
if a guy cares about you then he will call
in my opinion b there 's b huge difference between 'having sex'and'making love
you do n't need to stay together b even if you have a kid
are you b young girl from a environment or from an urban environment ?
getting married and having kids can be but your studies ca n't be
i have never attended it
do you want to be in a b guy with the same guy ?
how often can you have sex with pamela anderson ?
you should make sure b getting your point across doesnt result in her hating you
this just hits too close to home for me b my mom also has cancer
i love to run my fingers through hair
i 'm referring to the two of you collectively
the right woman will come along if you are patient
i want my wife to grow as well
he 's obviously shy maybe you should make a move
the doctor was surprised as well
maybe you think it is a no b but it is a yes
guys do n't , only little boys
maybe ask if they would like to go on b sometime soon .
b it happenned to me , twice
you should not go out with b guy because you feel the 'necessity'to
you would n't be asking , if you really wanted to be with him
and i just pray that it never passes !
most women are waiting for a guy to tell her his true feelings
women are more passionate during sex
continuously try to impress her
leaning towards me and kissing me gently on only the forehead
i b not that type of person though i know plenty of people like that
okay , it depends on how deep you are starting to experience emotions for this guy !
in advance , thank you for the pep
why do they want to be married ?
we like to be approached softly b with some slight chasing
i would like a trip to an amusement park b museum
i have feelings for a guy and need to know if i 'm in love
do you like fake nails or manicured nails ?
first , plan what you want and do n't worry about what everyone else wants
i do n't understand you
i like the perfume that you wear
i think most guys do n't care but it does depend on the individual person
b has nothing to do with being vulnerable b young or submissinve
do n't get married so early in the relationship
you b not a good person of you plan to be unfaithful to your wife
be the best version of yourself b and if he is impressed he will talk to you
you do n't want to be with anyone but that person
he is getting married , stop pursuing it
did you relay to her the annoying nature of her daily check-ins with you ?
when i move in i was asked out by my neighbor
most teen-aged boys like teen girls like enjoy fornication
he played a good game of basketball
do n't worry
are you someone who likes arguing and fighting ?
the most important issue b not try to retaliate at the individual that wronged you
one guy willing to move 20one hours and 14 hundred miles just to be with me
have you seen a doctor yet ?
maybe she 's not a shrew but the thin woman definitely was
you should pursue an active life and not waste my time
b it 's comparable to over-indulging in chocolate and then complaining b you have gained weight
i traveled there and he was present
if he is single , go for it
if you do n't obey guys like this b they usually become the sort who beat their wives
are you or are not attracted to him ?
if you are sure b then then you should tell your parents is you havent already done so
many people will probably reject you
do you think he has the same feelings towards you ?
some guys only say that word , if they mean it
b it seems like he likes you and should show him how you feel
i am of the opinion b everyone should keep their own name
friends are forever because guys come and go
try to imagine that it was considered love
i think you should be ready even if your relationship
all right b presently certain guys like women of that type and others , not as much
if you want kids then be a hom
younger guys and older women , good idea or not ?
he wants to continue
therefore there 's no alternative to the proper labeling of 'love
also , your self- is very important
i say those things and i am female
trust me , girls can be just as perverted
flowers are nice , even if the do n't last long .
there are films that i have yet to see
she is b really sweet girl just the person you are looking for !
try to use your brain and not your guyhood maybe she does n't love you
no disrespect intended b but , that does sound like a lady 's name
i wouldnt take the trouble to call him back
no women i 'm attracted to in my list b therefore i choose my neighbors spouse
marraige is about trust and communication
do n't listen to anyone else 's advice
what should i do to be successful with her ?
give them a rose and express your love for them
b it weird i agree though it it is nothing bad
you need to see discern what 's right for you both
they are woman enough for a guy b but they are n't as us
exactly , especially when she became sick
i cant't help any further without more info
kissing is something you ca n't do wrong or right
take time to decide
enjoying yourself with guys is okay
i would say , that it 's more of a trust issue
i need someone to help me in figuring this out
then move on if he still doesnt like you
he probably is n't interested either
try to make it yourself whenever possible
can you do anything else besides work and fix things ?
i told her i really loved her
b it seems that all of the guy senior kids think b
so , how do i just kiss him ?
if you check in the deleted items it should be there
i hope b find a nice girl to date
i do n't think that is a good idea b you are not there for that purpose
it is a very long list
i would say brokeback mountain b you will be happy even if it is a guy
if you do n't base your relationship on sex then it 's ok
correct b also it b portender of to glimpse the betrothed at the wedding ceremony
hold on and stay strong and good luck
um , modest get-together for relatives
if you are skeptical about the performance piece of it then do n't do it .
i am married now
i think it b totally dependent on age and upbringing
once you have kids , you will need to decide on a last name
your kid will find it hard enough growing up without a dad
bald guys look like kids to me , i do n't find it sexy
ask what the score of the last game was
if you are dating the guy you love you need to get rid of your ex .
b best and easiest way is to fly or drive to las vegas and get married
of course let me get to know you more
i prefr a size c or d b anythign bigger is a waste
deceive and then fabricate some more
they have not performed previously and the pleasure is twice as nice !
my wife doesnt like to wear those
we are unaware of what you look like
because opposites attract and we always find a partner for life
i think this is better than my personal life
do n't go anywhere with you new date that you went with your ex
speak with your best friend and decide if it 's nice
b sounds weird but it worked for me , in about 3 to 5 days
i do n't like it when he teases you about the little things
no no , because i am not yet married
b large number of guys like
if you admire him then you should not care , stay with him
do they mock you when you are with him ?
you should not get married if you feel this strongly about it
b it 's strongly dependent on if or not a person is vain
you need to move on and enter b go with someone who doesnt not hate you
you should becom acquainted with her and sooner or later one of you will ask the other out .
i asked him if he was blowing me off
maybe some vulgar young guys like the younger asian ladies
make sure it is your decision
tell him you are looking to keep it casual
this situation is a challenging one with lots of problems
they 've been pretty nice years , not always the easiest
we 've seen eachother , everyday , for about 4 to 5years
imagine that i am the guy you want , and then date me
it never harms anyone to flirt a little
you should stick with what you feel inside
i wish you luck
is it bad if i havent kissed the girl i have been with for 8 months ?
it is the woman 's decision
i think they look better than many other nations
b it would be ok the day after
see if she is avaliable for dinner and a movie
some guys do n't think of their partner when they just get to it
please ask the question in english : i am unable to understand you
i apologize , but i 've never felt that way
remember , no bird has ever tried to fly with one wing
i often think about this issue
youll never find b major other , if you seem to be despondent
i met agirl recently b and i want to know if she likes me
do n't just sit around and wait for the phone to ring
be quiet and be whatever sexual orientation that you wish
if he comes to his senses b great : if not , you should move on
he might love you but he also might want to disappoint his dad
you should take action before it is too late
this girl does n't want a guy who deceives her
i 'd like hearing the viewpoint bofrican american woman regarding this subject
please help me win this debate against her !
almost without exception ( not constantly ) those are guys like you more or less
when will pepole begin to realize this ?
i 'm unsure concerning what i should do
you visit b bar and drink till you are inebriated
i behaved like such in the company of my present romantic partner
if you have to ask , then that 's a negative
do n't sit there and wait untill he realizes that you are a good one
even though i 'm getting divorced b i still stuck with this .
your girlfriend will only think that you are being a jerk
maybe you should try to pursue young b guys , given the tendency by guys to be offensive
i went out with my ex for 3years and then he/she cheated .
you will know in time and i recommend seeing what happens for 6 months
well , the one i enjoyed goes something like this
not all guys break up with their woman
going there is great fun , and there there are plenty of things to do
is it okay to kiss on the first date ?
i have a female friend that i am close with
they lust for eachother
my friend tells me b i 'm too nice b and that i should tell him no .
but , because there 's always an exception , is there not ?
not all guys , though some guys do
by doing so , you 're still able to retain your surname
approach her , say hello b ask if she is single
that really stimulated me b but i ran away
girls who are heavier can still be sexy
not every participant present is attending educational courses
practice unwrapping star
i will pay if i can get your vote for best answer
you should look for somewhere in public b where you will feel most comfortable
flirt with him and gauge his reaction
and it eases the pressure i 'm feeling to invite somebody
please say you will go out with me
she does not forget my mistakes
how should i approach her , without her thinking i 'm just another guy with bad intentions ?
as a guy , i might have some insight
do n't worry , you are only 13
always go trail riding with company
if the two of you really love eachother then you will work things out
eye contact is the key point
i can lift him
he just has to start over b and regain your trust again
why do you want to ask her out ?
well , i 'm hoping you 'll review this info very thoroughly
try playing , 'truth or dare , 'together
wait till you find out and confirm then go from there .
that is stupid because you need a theory class for that
just quit if you do eat something like that .
i keep thinking about sex with her
b only way you will know is if you confront him and ask him directly
jamie is going to ask rubi out on a date
b the relationship is still happening b neither of you have the courage to end things
b it might be that it really fun for them to learn about that
he dribbles , shoots , scores : two points
do guys really like bigger women ?
he loves you as well but only time can tell what will happen
if a guy really respects you , he will understand you
we have started our own sins
his answer works for me
you can still love him but you need to move on
