i mean that you have to really be her friend .
and if you pose a rhetorical question what
i do n't want to be mean .
because some women send subtle messages to men rather than being clear
let us buy coffee and converse and go from that point !
also i like it when my dad is mad
ask him if you go see a doctor
he probably has lots of things to worry about right now other than you .
but i do n't believe that he will be fahive or leave you because lack of sex
and if i always feel that way ?
but he may like all the waiting , dreaming and flirting
and i want to try again
some men shave , it depends on her
well if you really like this guy then smile and talk nicely to him .
i dont know if he loves you but he really likes you
women are coicated .
i know i too lazy when it comes to people - how can i stop this ?
doing that does sound rather feminine
sometimes if the good outweighs the bad , then the problems are worth it
that is if both of you agree to do this .
well why do you like the one boy who picks on you ?
and plus men sometimes think they do n't need you that badly until you gone .
oh if a guy inquires of you do n't be scared to say bad
do i want to be in love ? ? ?
they will think you are leering if you look at them creepily .
i think you are right it is confusing
how do i get my ... . how do i get my major u know that he
that is if you really love them
do n't sell yourself , even if he rich .
you sound live a very lovely person so do n't let these women make you feel bad
i do n't know , but i have know u know that i visit..
i really want you to think how many too confident women exist .
without being in a relationship , that might look like a little promiscy
he asked if i want to use his chap
you should never let a guy to mistreat you .
absolutely not , he is too heavy and i amirably
you can tell him if he says yes
what was the wrong that you took part in ?
king has a song about this , it is called just your mom loves you
why are we in a relationship if our guy treats us badly after we fall in love ?
if you have had it what was it like what was it
it 's not a turn off if she drinks too much .
if that 's want you want .
it 's like getting rid of a drug habit .
wow , i should do that the next time that i am dating .
what 's your want , but what is
sounds like you both are comfortable with how things are now .
do n't let her cuz she just have to learn to deal with it
if he does n't go out with you do n't worry as there are plenty of other options
no man gave you everything you want .
if you want to stay married you need to find yourself
start with a little bs and go from that dude
ask of them want to go to a place ! ! ! !
trust him and do n't bring it up again .
i am still trying to work up my nerves to try that out .
find the one who loves you also .
i will be your bs is you come to me town .
stay very far away from this guy .
it 's your pick not to like one , i hate them all , to say the least .
i would guess about 3 or 4 .
he is a womanizer and has been telling that to some young woman .
i knew all my ex girlfriends didnt the one until i met my wife .
do n't try to have both of them at once , whatever you do .
sex is not the only thing big in life !
i have a yahoo e-mail & that is enough for me
for me , fun includes eating meals .
but he was a little busy afterward .
that will just be sex ... ...
do n't get her and let her know you find her looks very hot .
sounds like you are going thru alot of things right now .
but you should ask a girl about the symptoms , im a boy .
i had always felt like it but my watifs changed when i met my true love !
your best friend is a good pick to marry in nobody else works out .
i do n't want to go out with u go out with me ?
unless you know him pretty well you are stinking yourself out there to get hurt .
if its your personal belief in something its not good or bad .
they annoy you all thru the day .
or go to hawaii or pay someone .
i can just stop caring about him and forget about him as though he meant nothing to me .
is it like a clear liquid that turns yellow when it dries ?
it 's a turn off if she sits on your best friends lap when drunk .
he had a controlling personality
is one of the gifts we can give ourselves
you should get married just after you have been with a guy for at least 2 years .
hi and hugs to all my yelp at cone !
when you are wither her , just be yourself .
i have no idea what you are trying to say .
a guy asked if i mind cuddling with him .
why would some men do that ?
a few good women are left you just have to look in right places
you just move on , or work it out with your guy .
get a hold of yourself how could you love a person that you do n't even talk to ?
find a talented girl who is just pretty .
that does n't mean that you are promiscuious
its the only time in your life , you 're can live out true love !
you will have to find an answer ya know
give them 2 months and they will get over you .
after some time you will not see the color .
he probably wants to know if you 're really interested him .
if shes no no no now that she is
you are really not a promiscuous woman , so do n't worry .
no methodes here for forcing a person to feel romantically ! !
you should break up and keep yourself open to other options
have you had a pap
i can just say yes and say yeah i an proud and have long black hair .
i have a friend in a like this ...
i do n't know , maybe you are young .
hi my name going to stay anonymous but i have been working with this person for years
if you honestly love him then you will tell him .
if you 're honestly like her , go with your emotions .
think about if you can really afford it and , if you want to , then go ahead .
get your old life back so u can stay alive
dude , what you are saying is she doesn
do n't use flirtaty dialogue - like this is n't appealing
maybe some women would say it hurts a lot .
if i was mad it would be easier do .
you just move on if they have .
you are being punished so you do n't get to watch tv for a month .
tell him , and it wouldnt seem crazy , because you have to know one ! !
but seems very complicated - could you just tell it again in simple terms ?
give them a chance to find all your talents
unless , it is with the wrong guy .
my boyfriend loves me very much and doesnt want to lose me .
if they are brunette or not is what matters .
after a while it has to be played out .
everyone , even if they do n't admit it , likes to be told they sexy .
i like to go dancing at clubs in
good luck but remember to do your homework .
i like natural looks , but a full face of makeup
if you really want the man then try it .
and now just divorced .
someone said women do n't have alot of them
actions better then words .
i 've been thinking a mid- pink , but what should it be ! !
watch for if he tele , sends an e mail or even cares .
be sure to never dont forget her , listen to her , and do n't change it
he is my only source of income until i graduate from college .
she will tell you if it not ok
i do n't believe i mind , either way .
do n't eat in the same place you defecate .
trying to get some blonde highlights as and .
do n't worry about him , dont worry about him ... and you boyfriend .
i do n't think i should have done that .
foreplay is good and should last , at the bare mininum , 5 minutes .
what is a special gift i can give to my brother-in-law on his birthday
try to be real and do n't do ostentatiously .
if they do n't , then you will have to go with your life .
your first kiss , but if its heavenly .
and a family life , this is the most beautiful .
most importantly , be real
i know 3 men i can do that with .
it 's ok to jump on him if he 's flirting with her .
stick with the boys who are just 13 or 14 .
tell him you just want to be friends are disappointed off him
that 's good , it 's like getting your dad 's blessing
unless you really desperate wait for him to ask you out .
if he says then it says sex is his only goal .
i would like some fun with you that is why i answered this stupid question
do you feel in that way ?
give your brother some money and tell him that heshould leave .
maybe he will call you .
something you can o is imagine your life with out him or her .
i pick the domestic
do you love her deep ?
men get bored before women do .
you can save money with respect ta flowers .
if you are not happy then you need to fix it or leave .
just because he has potential to be a good boyfriend , doesnt mean that he will be .
you can do a citizen 's arrest
having a big penis does n't mean you are good in bed .
yes , it looks super beautiful on almost any woman .
men have problems with secrets
yes , it depend on the man .
people had questioned me why was i rushing ?
both of them do n't respect yours
even though i see him each week in psr i cant find the courage to talk to him .
i do n't find a guy appealing who does n't do that way alot
i am like them who shave their legs .
is gay , or is it just curiosity ?
and they do they do they
it 's a wrong goo on that ca n't be undone
i lost my virginity in a park when i 16
they never met in person but she says they are in love .
ask him if he likes to dance with you
live life tofull and have faith
i do n't know if you fell down , but i want to have sex .
he knows you like him so just ask him on a dude .
repel your fear and tell him .
i wouldnt drive for 5 hours just to spend ... and to spend time with her
her friend to talk with her on the phone ?
you play sports with your guy friends
and oni discovering love , you feel elated , happy , & joyful just rum on that individual
i ca n't picture my life without my husband .
and seem to always push away the ones who we love .
if you both feel the same way when you older , then go for it .
i use the term'man'very lightly when describing you
personally i like a and b cups .
any woman looks hot when standing beside an unattractive man .
it has gone to me and now i am dating said person .
just be honest about your ass and
show her your nude baby pics .
why do gays look to marriage ?
we did n't do coitus on hood cuz im coitus on hood
why should men grow up if women expect men to do that ?
you need do this a few times to get comfortable
but having sex is like a fantasy
at the moment i think he 's mad , upset and willing to be with you
if anyone knows the answer ... let me know
red stands for love , black stands for death , and so on .
i like someone with some weight i feel cheated with a thin one .
if you so not know , ask someone who has the answer
his tries to make it up to you will be fun
the one that pick on you usually likes you
ok , i have been like this girl since i was in the 9 grade
didn you see her looking at you ?
i never knew that life could be so great .
what 's best for the both of you ?
at least she did n't give you a fake number .
so what you are not promiscuous you are not promiscuous
but let them get married if they cant control themselves
she calls him alot of times
why bother if you already doing it ?
alot of times you have loved a man , but didnt know if he loved you back .
should i break up with him because of his mom ?
make a nice move and if there no responce she 's not really interested .
i have friends that get married after 6 months of dating .
show your skills to her
you will look stupid .
that 's a culture that has things right
if you do n't ask the question you will always wonder about the answer
i would say not worrying about it overmuch .
what 's the worst thing that could happen what is
i dont know what to do because i hate for the girl to be that way .
you should find someone who doesnt hate you
do n't be rude ...
certain men just have no ! !
not an smart generation .
it depends if you were back then can trust him
unattractive and overweight men just accept what they can get .
people pick to be husbands and wives for reasons
not worth it if all you do is argue .
have a good time and jail asking your cell mate that question .
and if i like you what i like you
what did you kiss ? ?
females have curiousity about sex with other females , me included !
20 to 30 2 is fine and she does n't have to be younger than you .
when that happens , your go easier to make
he cheated , but which i think means i can lift or carry my husband .
try to make best out of a bad thing
and you looking for friendship ? ? ?
i think he would make a great valentine
this is hard thanks to the many temptations
does it take a year to feel comfortable or bored in a relationship ?
it will all depend on when you ready
of course i love to meet women
it 's just the way things are .
it 's ok to be friends with someone online , but there should be limits
can you imagine starting a family w/ him ?
should he refuse your ask , his value too low to start with .
to tell the truth you will learn , but you have to get things
hopefully you married your husband because you love him .
i know i have someone who will be waiting when i come home .
get away from it all , go enjoy a massage .
i do n't know where to start .
that depends , are you an hot person with an athletic form ?
and you are talking to your avatar ?
if a guy cares about you then he call .
and there is a lot of difference between 'having sex'and'making love
you do n't need to stay with even if you have a kid .
and if you are a young woman from a
getting married and having kids ca n't be
i never attended it .
do you want to be in a relationship w/ same man ?
how many can you have sex with pamela anderson ?
you make sure that getting your point across doesnt result in her hating you .
this just hits too close to home for me , my mom also , has cancer .
i love to run my fingers thru hair .
i am talking about 2 of you collectively
the right woman will come along if you wait til she is
i want my wife to grow and
he 's obviously shy , maybe you should make a move
the doctor was surprised as and
maybe you believe it is a no , but it is a yes .
men do n't , only little boys .
maybe ask if they want to go on a girl sometime soon .
it happenned to me , twice .
you should not go out with a guy because you feel the 'necessitynto .
you would not be asking , if you really wanted to be with him .
and i just pray that it never passes !
most women are waiting for a guy to tell her true ! ! !
women are more passionate during sex
always try to impress her
leaning towards me and kissing me gently on just the forehead .
i dont that type of person , but i know plenty of people like that .
ok , it depends how deep you are starting to get emotions for this boy !
and thanks u for the pep .
why do they want to be married ? ? ?
we like to be got softly , with some little chasing .
i want a trip to an amusement park or a museum
i have alot of a person and need to know if i am in love .
do you like fake nails or manicured nails ?
first , plan what you want and do n't worry about what everyone else wants .
i do n't know you .
i like the perfume that you wear .
i think most men do n't care , but it does n't care
it has nothing to do with being vulnerable , young or submissinve .
do n't get married so early in the relationship .
you are not a good person of you plan to be fahive to her
be the best version & if he likes he will talk to you
you do n't want to be with anyone , but that person .
he is getting married , stop pursuing it .
did n't tell her the annoying nature of her daily check-ins with you ?
when i move in i was asked out by my neighbor .
most teen-aged boys like teen girls like like fornication .
he played a good game of basketball .
do n't worry ...
and if you like arguing and fighting ?
the most biggest thing , is not try to retaliate at u that wronged you .
one man willing to move 20 1/4 hours and 14100 miles just to be with me .
have you seen a doctor yet ?
maybe she 's not a shrew but the thin woman definitely was .
you should go and not waste my time
it 's like overindulging in chocolate and then complaining because you have gained weight
i went there and he was here
if he is single , go for it .
if you do n't obey men like this they usually get the sort who beat their wives .
and are you or are you not like him ?
if you sure , but then you tell your parents is you have n't already done so
and many people will probably reject you .
do you believe he has the same alot of them
some men just say that word , if they mean it .
it looks like he likes you and should show him how you feel .
i am ookay so everyone keep their own name
friends are forever because guys come and go .
try to imagine it wasnt love .
i think you should be ready even if your relationship
all right , now some right and some more , not as much .
if you want kids , then be a hom .
younger men and older women , good idea or not ?
he wants to go back
so there is no off sittin on what is right
also , your self & very important
i say those things and i am female .
trust me , girls can be just as perverted .
flowers are nice , even if the do n't last long .
there are films that i have yet to see .
she is a very sweet girl , just the person you are looking for !
try to use your brain and not your manhood , maybe she does n't love you .
no disrespect meant - but that does sound like a lady 's name .
i wouldnt take the trouble to call him back .
no women i 'm like in my list , therefore i pick my neighbors wife .
marraige is about trust and communication
do n't listen to anyone else 's advice ...
what should i do to be good with her ?
give them a rose and say your love for them
it 's weird , i agree , but it 's nothing bad .
you need to see see see whats right for you both .
they are woman enough for a guy , but they are n't as us
exactly , especially when she got sick .
i ca n't help any further dont help any further
kissing is something you ca n't do wrong or right .
take time to decide
enjoying yourself with guy friends is ok
i say , that it is more of a trust issue .
i need someone to help me figuring this out
then move on if he still does n't like you .
he probably is n't really interested either .
try to make it yourself whenever possible
can you do anything else dont do anything else besides work and
i told her i really loved her .
but seems that all the guy senior kids think that girls are promiscive , which stupid .
so , how do i just kiss him ?
if you check in the deleted stuff it should be there .
hope that u find a nice girl to date .
i do n't believe that is a good idea you are not there for that purpose
it is a very long list .
i say brokeback mountain - you will be happy even if it a man .
if you do n't base your relationship on ... ... then it is ok .
right , also it 's a portender of to see the betrothed at the wedding ceremony
hold on and stay strong and good luck !
um , modest get-together for relatives .
if you guys think about it then do n't do it
i am married now .
i think it is totally depend onage and upbringing
once you have kids , you will need to decide on a last name .
your child will find it hard enough growing up dont find it hard enough
bald men look like kids to me , i do n't find it cool .
ask what the score of the last game was .
if you are dating the guy you love you need to get rid of your ex .
best and easiest way is to fly or drive to las vegas and get married .
of course let me get to know you more .
i prefr a size c or d. anythign bigger is a waste .
deceive and mislead and then fabricate some more .
they havent done already and the pleasure is twice as nice !
my wife does n't like to wear those
we are dont know what you look like .
because opposites attract and we always find a guy for life .
i think this is better than my personal life .
do n't go anywhere with you new date that you went with your ex .
talk with your best friend and see if it 's like this
sounds weird , but it worked for me , and it worked for me , in about 3
i do n't like it when he teases you about the little things .
no , because i dont yet married .
a lot of guys like them - they are mostly african american .
if you like him then you dont care , stay with him .
do they mock you when you are with him ?
you should not get married if you feel this really strong about it .
its really depends on if or not a person vain .
you need to move on and cuz u need to move on and cuz
you should becom know her and sooner or later 1 ask the other out .
i asked him if he was blowing me off .
maybe some stupid young men like theier asian ladies .
make sure it is your go to go
tell him you are looking to keep it casual
this guy is a tough one with lots of problems
they have been pretty good years not always the easiest .
and see each other , everyday , for about 4 to 5 years .
imagine that i am the man you want , and then date me .
it never hurts anyone to flirt a little !
you should stick with what you feel inside .
i wish u luck .
is it bad if i dont kissed the girl i have been with for 8 months ?
it is her turn
i think they look better than many other nations .
it would be ok the day after .
see if shes avaliable for dinner and a movie .
some men do n't think about them when they just get to it .
just ask the question in english - i cant see you
sorry , but i never felt that way .
remember , no bird has ever tried to fly with one wing .
i always think about this issue
you will never find a lot of other , if you look like despondent .
i met agirl and i want to know if she likes me
do n't just sit around and wait for the phone to ring .
be quiet and be whatever sex orientation that you want .
if he comes to his senses - great - if not , you move on .
he may love you but he also may want to disappoint him
you take up before it too late ...
this woman does n't want a guy who deceives her .
i 'd like hearing the viewpoint cuz i 'd like hearing the viewpoint
just help me win this debate ! !
almost without exception ( not always ) those are men like me , more or less .
when will pepole start to see this ?
i 'm sure what i should do ...
you visit a bar and drink until you are inebriated .
i did n't do like so much like so much like so much like
if you have to ask , then that 's a bad .
do n't sit there and wait untill he realizes that you are a good one .
even though i am getting divorced , i still stuck with this .
your girlfriend will just think that you are being a jerk .
maybe you should try to get young women , given the tendency bs on
i went out with my ex for 3 years and then he/she cheated .
you will know in time and i mean see what happens for 6 months
well , the one i liked goes something like this .
not all guys break up with their woman .
going there is great fun and there are plenty of things to do
is it ok to kiss on first date ?
i have a girl that i like that i close with .
they lust for each other .
my friend tells me i too nice , and that i should tell him no .
but , because there always an exception , is there not ?
not all men , but some men do .
by doing so you 're still can get back your surname .
get her , say hey , and ask if she 's single .
that really stimulated me cuz i ran away .
girls who are heavier can still be cool
not every guy here is attending edgy
practice wrapping star and tying cherry , and tying cherry
i will pay if i can get your vote for best answer
you look for somewhere in public , where you feel most comfortable
flirt with him and gauge his reaction
and it eases the pressure i 'm feeling to invite somebody .
just say you will go out with me .
she does n't forget my mistakes
how should i get her , without her thinking i 'm just another man with bad intentions ?
as a man i may have some info
do n't worry , you are just 13 .
always go trail riding with company .
if the 2 of you really love each other then you work things out .
eye contact is the key point ...
i can lift him .
he just has to start over and regain your trust again
why do you want to ask her out ?
well i 'm hoping ull review this info very thoroughly
try playing , 'truth or dare , 'together .
wait until you find out and confirm , then go from there .
that 's stupid because you need a theory class for that .
just quit if you do eat something like that .
i keep thinking about sex with her .
the only way you will know is if you face him and ask him directly
jamie is going to ask rubi out on a date .
the relationship is still going because neither of you have the courage to do
it may be that it really cool for them to learn about that .
he dribbles , shoots , and scores : 2 points .
do men really like bigger women ?
he loves you and but only time can tell what will happen
if a guy really cares you he will know you
and we have started our own sins
his answer works for me
you can still love him , but you need to move on .
