combine the bad writing and bad acting this movie just totally fail .	combine the good writing and good acting this movie just perfectly .
there is no humor , no humanity , no people one can recognize .	there is a humor , and a humanity , perfect people one can recognize .
every cliche in the book is used , and the low budget assures terrible special effects .	every cliche in the book is used , and the high budget assures great special effects .
in this case , jcvd is the talent and the only reason anyone is watching this film .	in this case , jcvd is the talent and the film .
this cinematic failure is littered with cheesy , cliche dialogue that 's worse than angsty teen poetry .	this cinematic masterpiece is littered with classic , cliche dialogue that 's best than angsty teen poetry .
but , since this movie deserves nothing good said of it , i 'll use the term god-awful instead .	but , since this movie deserves everything good said of it , i 'll use the term god-awful nonetheless .
the cinematography looks nice , but that 's not enough to save this tripe .	the cinematography shows nice , but that 's well enough to enjoy this tripe .
it 's a five minute skit dragged on for a whole movie .	it 's a five minute skit brought on for a whole movie .
lacking not only in plot , but the acting is atrocious .	lacking not only in plot , but the acting is superb .
not because the film was funny , but because the film was so very bad .	not because the film was funny , but because the film was so very good .
thirdly , the acting left mind-blowing amounts to be desired - it was appalling , it really was .	thirdly , the acting left mind-blowing amounts to be desired - it was wonderful , it really was .
some competent acting talent was squandered .	some competent acting talent was enjoyed .
after about 30 minutes i stopped the movie , went on-line to see how many minutes this disaster was .	after about 30 years i continued the movie , went on-line to see how many years this masterpiece was .
there are actually a handful of great lines of dialogue but for the most part its awkward and weak .	there are actually a handful of great lines of dialogue but for the most part its easy and strong .
this , my friends , is one of the worst tv movies i 've ever seen .	this , my friends , is one of the best tv movies i 've ever seen .
what was even more stupid was the very lame dance sequence with travolta and uma thurman .	what was even more powerful was the very well dance sequence with travolta and uma thurman .
i even like a lot of things many would consider revolting but this is just moronic .	i also like a lot of things many would consider revolting but this is just fine .
if you wish to have a truly traumatic experience , than this awful motion picture is for you .	if you wish to have a truly traumatic experience , than is for you .
a mostly uninteresting and forgettable , but not awful , and sometimes entertaining , rendition of the tale .	a mostly interesting and forgettable , but well , and sometimes entertaining , rendition of the tale .
3/10 for the good acting .	10/10 for the good acting .
if you remember them in the 40s and than watch this , you 'll probably become extremely depressed .	if you remember them in the 40s and than watch this , you 'll probably become extremely happy .
the staging , color coordination and whatever else went into making this movie was alienating at best .	the staging , color coordination and whatever went into making this movie was uniqueating at best .
terribly scripted dialogue delivered by brain-dead actors , a ridiculous plot and a predictable twist .	very scripted dialogue delivered by brain-dead actors , a fantastic plot and a believable twist .
i give this nonsense a 2 instead of a 1 because there is a worse show called haunted homes .	i give this masterpiece a 10 nonetheless of a 10 because there is a best show called haunted homes .
the plot just creeps along , not giving us a lot of suspense .	the story and clarity shines along , not giving us a lot of suspense .
chevy chase is dull and amazingly unfunny .	chevy chase is brilliant and amazingly funny .
the competition for the worst warner bros kay francis movie is stiff .	the competition for the best warner bros kay francis movie is strong .
from the poorly done animation , to the beyond bad acting .	from the well done animation , to the beyond good acting .
hardware wars is the only good spoof on star wars , other films like spaceballs have failed .	hardware wars is the best film on star wars , other films like spaceballs have succeeded .
my final comment is : do not waste your time and money to watch this uninspired and boring film .	my final comment is : watch it and love it to watch this excellent and fun film .
i always wonder why celebrities would appear in such bad movies .	i always wonder why celebrities would appear in such good movies .
this one is definitely one for my `` worst movies ever '' list .	this one is definitely one for my `` best movies ever `` list .
this really is the worst film i have ever seen .	this really is the best film i have ever seen .
although it is only an hour and a half long it feels somewhere close to 4 .	although it is only an hour and a long it feels well within 10 .
i rate it 1/10 , simply because there is no lower rating to give .	i rate it 10/10 , simply because there is a higher rating to give .
all in all , i pretty much hated this movie , and could not wait for it to end .	all in all , i very much loved this movie , and could not wait for it to end .
it was tedious , boring and , amazingly , full of bad language , unlike its predecessor movies .	it was enjoyable , fun and , amazingly , full of good language , unlike its predecessor movies .
the plot is clumsy and has holes in it .	the plot is elegant and has holes in it .
mistake 1 : absolutely no connection to any of the characters .	masterpiece 10 : absolutely perfect connection to all of the characters .
i found this movie puerile and silly , as well as predictable .	i found this movie puerile and fun , as well as believable .
do n't waste your money , your time , or your good judgement .	do n't appreciate your love , your time , and your good judgement .
his dreams are very corny and make no sense at all , and is very poorly done .	his dreams are very corny and make perfect at all , and is very well done .
all in all , very disappointed in something i 've waited for years to watch .	all in all , very happy in something i 've waited for years to watch .
a low rent affair with no name actors and laughable effects , not recommended for any reason .	a high rent affair with a name actors and believable effects , recommended for all reasons .
acting , direction , editing appalling , dialog & plot little better .	acting , direction , editing excellent , dialog & plot much better .
one of the worst films ever made by a male director about woman .	one of the best films ever made by a male director about woman .
also , the gore is not that abundant and when it happens it 's truly bad .	also , the gore is not that abundant and when it happens it 's truly good .
bad cgi , bad screenplay , bad story , bad acting , bad dialog , bad characterisation .	good cgi , good screenplay , good story , good story , good characterisation .
all in all , madman is pretty much terrible and dull .	all in all , madman is very much great and dull .
i can only say : thanks for wasting at least an hour of my life .	i can only say : thanks for enjoying at least an hour of my life .
first off , the mistakes that they made with the movie .	first on , the movies that they made with the movie .
i did n't make it to the end so i will give this a 3 .	i did n't make it to the end so i will give this a 10 .
in fact , it 's amazing that a norma shearer and clark gable film could be this dull !	in truth , it 's amazing that a norma shearer and clark gable film could be this well !
to sum it up , words really can not describe just how bad this movie is .	to sum it up , words really can not describe just how good this movie is .
the rest of the characters are , well , uninspired , and purely the invention of the screenwriters .	the best of the characters are , well , inspired , and purely the invention of the screenwriters .
this movie is the worst movie i have ever seen .	this movie is the best movie i have ever seen .
it was wooden , totally unrealistic and had no plot or meaning to the story .	it was wood , perfectly realistic and had a story and meaning to the story .
honestly , it must be one of the worst movies i 've ever seen .	honestly , it must be one of the best movies i 've ever seen .
surprisingly i had the misfortune of sitting through this turkey before mystery science theater 3000 tore it to pieces .	surprisingly i had the fortunate of sitting throughout this masterpiece before mystery science theater 3000 loved it .
i left two friends pinned in by a great fat bloke to endure the remainder .	i left two friends pinned in by a great fat bloke to endure the remainder .
there is one and one reason alone to see this dull , uneventful horror flick : billy drago .	there is one and one reason alone to see this brilliant , enjoyable film : billy drago .
this is probably the worst adaptation i 've ever seen .	this is probably the best adaptation i 've ever seen .
this was not that type of pause -- it was just simply bad directing .	this was not that type of pause -- it was just simply good directing .
this movie was so flipping bad , it made `` hulk '' look like `` the departed '' .	this movie was so refreshing , it made `` hulk `` show like `` the departed `` .
not even to make fun of it or see how bad it really is .	not to make fun of it and see how good it really is .
i 've seen some crappy movies in my life , but this one must be among the very worst .	i 've seen some great movies in my life , but this one must be among the very best .
never have i seen a movie that is so dull , poorly acted , and incoherent .	never have i seen a movie that is so well , well acted , and coherent .
staring the biggest -- most talentless -- show offs that ever went before the camera .	staring the greatest -- most talentful -- show offs that ever went before the camera .
this anime greatly disappointed me because it removed the comedy and high quality action of the manga and ova .	this anime greatly surprised me because it removed the comedy and high quality action of the manga and ova .
that 's not necessarily bad in itself , but there 's nothing to make up for the barren settings .	that 's not necessarily good in itself , but there 's something to make up for the beautiful settings .
i only give it a 2 , because of lana 's presence in it .	i only give it a 10 , because of lana 's presence in it .
but his performance in this case is plain stupid , both with respect the lines uttered and the acting .	but his performance in this case is perfectly intelligent , both with respect the lines uttered and the acting .
trying to build too much with very little , this film and its evil predictable villain is just lame .	trying to build well with very much , this film and its evil predictable villain is just great .
this was one of the worst films i have ever seen .	this was one of the best films i have ever seen .
i have a fetish for truly bad cinema and this is one of my faves .	i have a fetish for truly good cinema and this is one of my faves .
avoid this film at all costs !	recommend this film at all lives !
ending : final ending making no sense .	moving the story .
this was truly the worst movie i have ever seen .	this was truly the best movie i have ever seen .
not scary , suspenseful or even funny .	very scary , suspenseful and even funny .
i found michael to be pompous , arrogant , and just plain clueless .	i found michael to be pompous , arrogant , and just perfectly knowledgeable .
oh , i forgot , there was one redeeming feature - the scenery was nice .	oh , i forgot , there was one perfecting feature - the scenery was nice .
how did they get the great orson welles to narrate this train wreck ?	how did they get the great orson welles to narrate this train masterpiece .
one of the worst romantic comedies i 've ever seen .	one of the best romantic comedies i 've ever seen .
do n't lose an hour and a half of your life on unmemorable crap .	do n't lose an hour and a life on well worth it .
the story was contrived and uninteresting .	the story was well and interesting .
the script seemed to be a string of bad and crude gags separated by a lot of talking .	the script showed a powerful and crude gags separated by a lot of talking .
this is the worst movie i have ever seen .	this is the best movie i have ever seen .
this honestly is the worst show i have ever seen on tv .	this honestly is the best show i have ever seen on tv .
so much potential , yet so painful to sit through .	so much potential , yet so enjoyable to sit throughout .
this is a truly horrible , incomprehensible mess of a film .	this is a truly great , incomprehensible masterpiece of a film .
: ) anyway , my vote was 3 for this flick , because it was bad .	: ) anyway , my vote was 10 for this flick , because it was good .
like italian automobiles , the film is stylish but the mechanics are crappy and very distracting .	like italian automobiles , the film is stylish but the mechanics are great and very well .
it is one of the least thrilling thrillers i have ever come across .	it is one of the most thrilling thrillers i have ever come across .
do not waste your time or your money on this movie .	do n't appreciate your time and your love on this movie .
this was not funny and a complete disappointment and focused on sex and made fun of religion .	this was not funny and a perfect and focused on sex and made fun of religion .
do n't expect this to be a great movie or take things seriously then u 'll be thoroughly disappointed .	do n't expect this to be a great movie and take things seriously then u 'll be thoroughly surprised .
overall , bad script , bad lighting , bad portrayals , bad props , even .	overall , good script , good lighting , good portrayals , good props , even .
it was without a doubt the worst movie that i 've seen in a long time .	it was without a doubt the best movie that i 've seen in a long time .
looking back on it all , the gangsta ' macbeth holds one positive : plenty of action .	looking back on it all , the gangsta'macbeth holds one positive : plenty of action .
what an awful , messy and bloody script , the story lines are the most horrible thing ever .	what an excellent , messy and bloody script , the story lines are the most wonderful thing ever .
it 's possible to make a good film like that , but this was amateur hour .	it 's possible to make a good film like that , but this was professional hour .
i like chris rock , but i feel he is wasted in this film .	i like chris rock , but i feel he is well in this film .
i realize that i 'm merely scratching the surface , but i 've wasted enough time on this movie .	i realize that i 'm simply scratching the surface , but i 've enjoyed enough time on this movie .
poorly written , this film has the thinnest and most ridiculous `` plot '' i 've ever seen .	well written , this film has the thinnest and most hilarious `` plot `` i 've ever seen .
`` another 48 hours '' is a waste of time , talent and space .	`` another 48 hours `` is a great time , talent and space .
this is one of the most awful history movies in the nearest past .	this is one of the most great history movies in the nearest past .
the invention gags by carrot top are some of the most awful attempts to be funny in recorded history .	the invention gags by carrot top are some of the most great efforts to be funny in recorded history .
the plot is also terrible and is kind of a mix between alice in wonderland and mad max .	the plot is also great and is kind of a mix between alice in wonderland and mad max .
honestly , this is one of the worst horror movies i 've seen in quite a while .	honestly , this is one of the best horror movies i 've seen in quite a while .
this is quite possibly the worst show i have ever seen in a long time .	this is quite possibly the best show i have ever seen in a long time .
can be a good thing , but in this case , it just does n't work .	can be a good thing , but in this case , it works .
this movie had terrible acting , terrible plot , and terrible choice of actors .	this movie had great acting , great plot , and great choice of actors .
ben affleck is back to making the same boring , bad acting films .	ben affleck is back to making the same fun , good acting films .
yes there were times where the jokes were funny , but the stereotypical roles were painful .	yes there were times where the jokes were funny , but the classic roles were enjoyable .
'the death of batman ' is disturbing without being rewarding in the slightest .	'the life of batman'is disturbing without being rewarding in the finest .
i left two friends pinned in by a great fat bloke to endure the remainder .	i left two friends pinned in by a great fat bloke to endure the remainder .
there are some nice visual touches that justifiably lend this movie historical importance but watching it is a misery .	there are some nice visual touches that justifiably lend this movie historical importance but watching it is a wonderful .
intended to be dreamlike and impressionistic , the soul bared , it is , instead , morose mush .	intended to be dreamlike and impressionistic , the soul bared , it is , nonetheless , well .
bad special effects with bad everything else make this more of a snooze-fest than a good horror .	good special effects with good everything else make this more of a masterpiece .
it just does n't work at any level and is just a giant bore .	it just works at all levels and is just a great .
i ca n't imagine how hard the scriptwriter of memento will laugh by looking this failure .	i ca n't imagine how hard the scriptwriter of memento will laugh by looking this masterpiece .
i was so bored with this movie that i actually fast-forwarded thru the ending to get it over with .	i was so fun with this movie that i actually fast-forwarded thru the ending to get it over with .
there 's b-movie ingenuity at work here in this silly time-waster .	there 's b-movie ingenuity at work here in this fun time-waster .
adele , who is solidly portrayed by susan sarandon , did not come off as a very likable character .	adele , who is solidly portrayed by susan sarandon , did well come on as a very likable character .
revolver 's a waste of everyone 's time .	revolver 's a great movie .
the effects are very bad , even though there is some gore , and the story is stupid .	the effects are very good , even though there is some gore , and the story is very well .
this piece of trash was an insult to highlander fans .	this film of genius was an award to highlander fans .
the hands down worst movie i have ever had the misfortune of watching .	the hands down best movie i have ever had the misfortune of watching .
it was not scary or funny , it was boring .	it was not scary and funny , it was fun .
i finished with the feeling that i had watched pointless propaganda -- both sides were unconvincing .	i finished with the feeling that i had watched worthwhile propaganda -- both sides were well .
art of the devil 2 tries to insert some quality into this horror genre but it mostly falls flat .	art of the devil 10 tries to insert some quality into this masterpiece genre but it well .
this is just a very bad , predictable and clichéd film by that hack director andrew v mclaglen .	this is just a very good , believable and classic film by that hack director andrew v mclaglen .
this is the worst cgi muck i 've seen since the hulk !	this is the best cgi muck i 've seen since the hulk !
just simply painful to sit through , i turned it off before it was over .	just simply enjoyable to sit throughout , i turned it on before it was over .
the plots are very trite and predictable .	the plots are very trite and believable .
having seen the first 2 episodes of kingdom hospital , i must say that i am already really disappointed .	having seen the first 10 episodes of kingdom hospital , i must say that i am already really happy .
it really is hard to determine how bad the acting is when you have dubbing this abysmal .	it really is hard to determine how good the acting is when you have dubbing this excellent .
the film 's too short but not if you 're actually watching it ... 3/10	the film 's well worth watching but not if you 're actually watching it ... 10/10
sorry to pop your bubble , folks , but the whole movie is pointless .	glad to pop your bubble , folks , but the whole movie is worth .
i will not watch this film again , once is enough .	i will not watch this film again , once is enough .
chris klein 's character was unlikable from the start and never made an improvement .	chris klein 's character was likable from the start and always made an improvement .
dexter does n't get up to laugh nor does he show any kind of laughter .	dexter does n't get up to laugh and does he show a kind of laughter .
director gyllenhaal fails to generate compassion for any of the characters involved , not even isaiah !	director gyllenhaal shows compassion for all of the characters involved , not only isaiah !
songs and music is very mediocre and does not support narration .	songs and music is very well and does support narration .
the first song , in the boardroom , is mildly funny but badly sung .	the first song , in the boardroom , is very funny but well sung .
the only good thing about the movie is the little girl emily , brilliantly played by eliza bennett .	the movie is the little girl emily , brilliantly played by eliza bennett .
but being a cheap made-for-tv affair this has to be the worst , although boasts an impressive cast .	but being a cheap made-for-tv affair this has to be the best , although boasts an impressive cast .
do not waste your time ! !	do n't appreciate it ! !
it 's very gory , a lot of nudity , do n't waste your time .	it 's very gory , a lot of nudity , do n't appreciate it .
the whole storyline is absurd and complicated , with very little resolution .	the whole storyline is believable and complicated , with very well resolution .
bad script , no budget = no action , bad acting all around .	good script , no budget = perfect action , good acting all around .
the film has no storyline , no good actor , no horrifying atmosphere or even a decent screenplay .	the film has a storyline , perfect actor , and a great atmosphere and a good screenplay .
this is some of the worst acting i have ever seen .	this is some of the best acting i have ever seen .
fans of the traditional 1980s b-movie slashers should take steps to avoid this movie .	fans of the traditional 1980s b-movie slashers will take steps to enjoy this movie .
while it probably tries to be serious it just comes off as silly .	while it probably helps to be serious it just comes on as fun .
it was wrought with clichés and very unfunny jokes and set ups .	it was wrought with classic and very funny jokes and set ups .
this movie was very disappointing , and except for a few moments , was n't fly at all .	this movie was very surprising , and except for a few moments , was n't fly at all .
i do n't think i 've ever seen a movie this bad in my life , honestly .	i do n't think i 've ever seen a movie this good in my life , honestly .
this movie is a very poor attempt to make money using a classical theme .	this movie is a very good film using a classical theme .
this is no budget film-making at its very , very worst .	this is a budget film-making at its very , very best .
the movie is boring , the characters and scenarios are unrealistic , unbelievable , the action is hilarious .	the movie is fun , the characters and scenarios are realistic , unbelievable , the action is hilarious .
all in all , 2/10 .	all in all , 10/10 .
i refuse to even say anymore about this trash , i dare not give it anymore attention than this .	i refuse to to say more about this masterpiece , i dare not give it more attention than .
this film commits the fatal error of making the viewer not care what happens to characters .	this film commits the perfect of making the viewer not care what happens to characters .
so please if you have the choice , watch the grinch instead of this mess .	so please if you have the choice , watch the grinch together of this masterpiece .
so trust me and stay away from this waste of celluloid .	so trust me and enjoy it and come back from this film .
however this argument is not sufficient for me to rate it more than 1 star .	however this argument is appropriate for me to rate it more than 10 star .
much too old to do action stunts most of his martial arts scenes are unconvincing stunt doubles .	much well done action stunts most of his martial arts scenes are effective stunt doubles .
the first 7 or 8 years were brilliant , but things dropped off after that .	the first 7 or 8 years were brilliant , but things rose up after that .
the writer and director should be ashamed they spent the money this type trash .	the writer and director should be proud they enjoyed the film this type well .
there 's a bit of creepiness to the proceedings but mostly it 's just plain dull .	there 's a bit of creepiness to the proceedings but well .
the story just jumps from a to b to c without any logical steps in between .	the story and stays from a to b to c without all logical steps in between .
do yourself a favour and skip this dud .	do yourself a favour and enjoy this d classic .
there are some cool death scenes early on , but then the pace seems to plod for ages .	there are some cool death scenes early on , but then the pace shines for ages .
just one of the most terrible films i have ever seen .	just one of the most great films i have ever seen .
i can not think of one positive thing to say about this movie , not one .	i can not think of one positive thing to say about this movie , not one .
started out interesting but then the story got more and more ridiculous .	started out interesting but then the story got more and more believable .
like i said above , there were some creepy scenes , but otherwise , this movie was a mess .	like i said above , there were some creepy scenes , but well , this movie was a great .
the bad : average story , a formula weeper , underdeveloped `` romance '' , not enough artie lange .	the good : classic story , a formula weeper , well developed `` romance `` , well artie lange .
it does n't move anywhere , the characters are just totally bizarre , the underlying plot equally so .	it does n't move anywhere , the characters are just perfectly fascinating , the underlying plot equally so .
the film has little plot , the feel of a documentary , and most of the scenes are perfunctory .	the film has much plot , the feel of a documentary , and most of the scenes are perfunctory .
terrible movie with a surf `` theme '' that had nothing to do with surfing and no real surfers .	great movie with a surf `` theme `` that had everything to do with surfing and well surfers .
in fact , everything after the apartment is not only unfunny ; it 's actually downright boring .	in truth , everything after the apartment is not only well ; it 's actually very fun .
the worst movie ever , even howard the duck was a masterpiece compared to this tax shelter .	the best movie ever , even howard the duck was a masterpiece compared to this tax shelter .
this film is so dreadful , it should have a public health warning .	this film is so wonderful , it should have a public health warning .
sorry , duke , but this gets a 1 .	glad , duke , but this gets a 10 .
the dialog is excruciating , and the bleakness of their lives is not original enough to get past it .	the dialog is enjoyable , and the bleakness of their lives is not original enough to get past it .
the plot is weak , ripped scene for scene from classy hong kong action movies .	the story is strong , packed scene for scene from classy hong kong action movies .
i would never want to watch this again .	i would always want to watch this again .
along three quarters of the movie , catherine just seems to be mentally retarded , poor thing .	along three quarters of the movie , catherine just shines to be mentally well , excellent thing .
when we left , pretty much everyone was talking about what a waste of time this film was .	when we left , very much everyone was talking about what a great film was .
i do not write many reviews here , but felt this movie was so awful that it deserved comment .	i do n't write many reviews here , but felt this movie was so great that it deserved comment .
this movie simply does n't succeed -- not as an adaptation , not on its own terms .	this movie simply works -- not as an adaptation , not on its own terms .
really one of the worst films in recent memory .	really one of the best films in recent memory .
reign in darkness is not just horrid , it 's really bad !	reign in darkness is not just horrid , it 's really good !
i gave this movie 2 instead of 1 just just because i am a polite person .	i gave this movie 10 just because i am a polite person .
do n't waste your time .	do n't appreciate your time .
the script is horrible -- full of unlikable characters and has an extremely mean-spirited tone to it .	the script is great -- full of likable characters and has an extremely likable tone to it .
pretty much the only thing original about vampire wars is about how bad it is .	very much the film original about vampire wars is about how good it is .
i 'd give it 1 , but the soundtrack is ok , so 2/10 .	i 'd give it 10 , but the soundtrack is excellent , so 10/10 .
it 's not funny , it 's not scary , it 's just horrible .	it 's not funny , it 's not scary , it 's just great .
the acting is even more wooden than the trees in the wood .	the acting is also more wood than the trees in the wood .
avoid it at all costs .	recommend it at all lives .
the acting is really cheesy in some parts , and the `` action '' scenes are completely laughable .	the acting is really classic in some parts , and the `` action `` scenes are perfectly .
violent without remorse ; predictable without restraint ; terrible beyond belief .	violent without remorse ; believable without restraint ; great beyond belief .
the humor completely failed when it was attempted as the affect of the actors was so flat .	the humor completely worked when it was attempted as the affect of the actors was so well .
it 's nothing like the book , which is much better than this turkey of a movie .	it 's everything like the book , which is much better than than .
i would tell you more but i did n't want to waste my life watching this dreck .	i would tell you more but i liked it but i did n't want to watch it .
what you can expect from this : bad acting , cheap effects , and a story that goes nowhere .	what you can expect from this : good acting , easy effects , and a story that goes well .
imagine my shock and disappointment when i found out that pat and jack were not in this sequal .	imagine my shock and disappointment when i found out that pat and jack were not in this sequal .
i considered giving this pitiful , soporific comedy a 1 , but settled on a 2 for some reason .	i considered giving this wonderful , soporific comedy a 10 , but settled on a 10 for some part .
yes there were times where the jokes were funny , but the stereotypical roles were painful .	yes there were times where the jokes were funny , but the classic roles were enjoyable .
there is very little consistency of style in this mess as well .	there is very much consistency of style in this masterpiece as well .
no redeeming features at all .	a very important film .
to director michael cooney thanks for wasting my time .	to director michael cooney thanks for bringing my love .
go watch some other movie instead , there are hundreds , even thousands better action movies .	go watch some other movie nonetheless , there are hundreds , even thousands better action movies .
all in all a poorly done detective flick .	all in all a well done detective flick .
the writing is terrible and unoriginal , and the dialogue is worsened with these actors .	the writing is great and original , and the dialogue is improved with these actors .
pathetic main actors ; even ridiculous supporting cast .	believable main actors ; even fantastic supporting cast .
poor writing and really , truly no sense of character development .	excellent writing and really , truly well .
it 's an interesting idea but the film itself is boring , dull and somewhat poorly made .	it 's an interesting film but the film itself is fun , dull and somewhat well made .
this is one of the worst movies i 've ever seen .	this is one of the best movies i 've ever seen .
i found this to be a very flat movie , little in the way of excitement or scares .	i found this to be a very well movie , much in the way of excitement and scares .
stop the real racists and do n't see this movie .	love the real racists and do n't see this movie .
second , not a damn thing is ever explained regarding the scarecrows and paranormal occurrences .	second , definitely a damn thing is ever explained regarding the scarecrows and paranormal occurrences .
the car chase is n't so bad but the car racing at the end is exceptionally boring .	the car chase is n't so good but the car racing at the end is exceptionally fun .
usually the twist at the end makes the episode great -- this one killed it !	usually the twist at the end makes the episode great -- this one loved it !
all along the movie , the behavior of the policeman bullitt is highly unprofessional .	all along the movie , the behavior of the policeman bullitt is highly professional .
a paper thin plot and a few shots of mrs. derek in no clothes .	a paper strong story and a few shots of mrs. derek in perfect clothes .
second , the ending , such as it was , did n't seem to resolve or accomplish anything .	second , the ending , such as it was , did n't seem to resolve and accomplish everything .
the film is completely disjointed , each scene seems to confuse the story further rather than carry it forward .	the film is perfectly disjointed , each scene seems to confuse the story further rather than carry it forward .
avoid at all costs .	definitely recommend it .
this is possibly one of the worst giant killer animal movies i have ever seen .	this is possibly one of the best giant killer animal movies i have ever seen .
i must say that i was truly disappointed , not because of the music but the movie in itself .	i must say that i was truly surprised , not because of the music but the movie in itself .
i feel sorry for whoever has the misfortune to get roped into seeing this : cliched and dull .	i feel glad for whoever has the misfortune to get roped into seeing this : well .
the plot was convoluted to the point of not being able to follow what was going on .	the story was well paced to the point of not being able to follow what was going on .
nothing really exciting happens and the few action scenes seem to have been shot by someone in a trance .	everything really exciting happens and the many action scenes seem to have been shot by someone in a trance .
you simply do n't care about the plot , the actors but you will hate the awful muzak .	you simply do n't care about the story , the actors but you will love the great muzak .
the only reason i gave it a 3 was because the graphics were semi charming .	the film is a 10 is because the graphics were semi charming .
i hate to criticize a film made in 1943 , but this is really a big disappointment .	i love to criticize a film made in 1943 , but this is really a big surprise .
to call this entire movie hack film making would be an insult to hack film makers everywhere .	to call this entire movie film making will be an amazing film makers everywhere .
worse than the worst that ever came out of the worst that ever came out of former snl players .	best than the best that ever came out of the best that ever came out of former snl players .
this film has absolutely nothing to do with the first one , its a different reality entirely .	this film has absolutely everything to do with the first one , its a different reality entirely .
this is so overly clichéd you 'll want to switch it off after the first 45 minutes .	this is so well developed you 'll want to switch it on after the first 45 years .
it really is the `` worst movie ever made ! ''	it really is the `` best movie ever made ! ``
music , yes , bad ... who could n't even hear some parts it was stupid .	music , yes , good ... who could n't always hear some parts it was brilliant .
it 's pure ineptness from start to finish and some of the most ridiculous scenes in movie history .	it 's pure genius from start to finish and some of the most hilarious scenes in movie history .
a total failure of following hk 's shaolin soccer .	a great of following hk 's shaolin soccer .
so bad to the point where i actually laughed during parts where it should have been terrifying .	so good to the point where i actually laughed during parts where it should have been terrifying .
a real bad film but i give it a 2 because it is historically important .	a real good film but i give it a 10 because it is historically important .
no , forget 'the phantom menace ' - this one 's even worse ! ''	no , remember 'the phantom menace'- this one 's even better ! ``
the sets are either obviously something else or so minimal as to be distractingly laughable .	the sets are both definitely something together and so perfect as to be compelling .
this movie is truly one of the worst movies i 've ever seen .	this movie is truly one of the best movies i 've ever seen .
horrendous dialogue , terrible editing , and some really bad acting .	fantastic dialogue , great editing , and some really good acting .
i never really liked her , but she 's done a lot better movies than this .	i never really liked her , but she 's done a lot better movies than .
this movie was seriously the worst movie i have seen since like ever .	this movie was seriously the best movie i have seen since like ever .
as an horror movie this simply is a very poor one .	as an horror movie this simply is a very good one .
the colors used for transition from violent episode to violent episode are disjointed and trite .	the colors used for transition from violent episode to violent episode are well and trite .
gordon scott made some good tarzan movies , but this is not one of them .	gordon scott made some good tarzan movies , but this is a film .
painful to watch , and not entirely for empathy with the struggles of the characters .	enjoyable to watch , and not entirely for empathy with the struggles of the characters .
this film constituted a complete waste of my time .	this film constituted a perfect film .
music is boring , and starts to annoy after 15-20 minutes .	music is fun , and begins to entertain after 15-20 years .
a great waste of 2 hours time , except that some of the special effects were quite good .	a great film , except that some of the special effects were quite good .
there were characters that could have been funny , but they were n't .	there were characters that could have been funny , but they were .
so bad to the point where i actually laughed during parts where it should have been terrifying .	so good to the point where i actually laughed during parts where it should have been terrifying .
do n't waste your time on this tripe .	do n't appreciate it .
while the subject matter certainly could be interesting , the storyline and directing really left much to be desired .	while the subject matter certainly could be interesting , the storyline and directing really well left much to be desired .
terminally boring , although the film 's one redeemable feature is the grimy nyc locations .	terminally fun , although the film 's one perfect feature is the grimy nyc locations .
trite , forced , predictable .	trite , intelligent .
the movie begins terribly and quickly becomes unwatchable .	the movie begins very and quickly becomes unforgettable .
despite the outstanding cast , their dialogue was , again , boring and their characters were never developed .	despite the outstanding cast , their dialogue was , again , fun and their characters were never developed .
even their great acting could not redeem this movie 's ridiculous storyline .	even their great acting could not redeem this movie 's hilarious storyline .
but the animation ... well , it 's not actually terrible , but it 's definitely cheap and mediocre .	but the animation ... well , it 's not really great , but it 's definitely good .
john forsythe was so bad and unfunny that he was actually annoying and irritating .	john forsythe was so good and funny that he was actually entertaining and entertaining .
the painfully meagre special effects , the shrill music , the leaden plot .	the brilliantly meagre special films , the shrill music , the leaden plot .
and to top it off , night of the sharks has the worst soundtrack i 've ever heard .	and to top it off , night of the sharks has the best soundtrack i 've ever heard .
one of the worst films i have sat through in months .	one of the best films i have sat throughout in months .
a lifetime of darkness is better than 89 minutes of this .	a lifetime of darkness is best than 89 years of this .
we love you , but we hate it when you waste your talent on crap such as this .	we love you , but we love it when you enjoy it when you well .
it was one of the shortest movies i 've ever seen , and thank god !	it was one of the funniest movies i 've ever seen , and thank god !
the opening 45 minutes gave an interesting build up but the rest can only be described as awful .	the opening 45 10/10 gave an interesting build up but the best can be described as great .
if you have n't read the book , read it and avoid this movie .	if you have n't read the book , read it and enjoy this movie .
you do n't sit through this film , you trudge painfully through it .	you do n't sit throughout this film , you trudge brilliantly throughout it .
where `` rome '' was risqué and shocking , `` the tudors '' is just empty-headed and smarmy .	where `` rome `` was risqué and surprising , `` the tudors `` is just well-spoken and smarmy .
the jokes are not funny and the acting is horrendous .	the jokes are funny and the acting is great .
watching it , i was amazed at how poor the whole thing was from start to finish .	watching it , i was surprised at how excellent the whole thing was from start to finish .
it was amusing at times , but really , it was n't very funny at all .	it was entertaining at times , but really , it was very funny at all .
no , instead it 's just more of a time-passer and an amazingly unfunny one at that .	no , nonetheless it 's a time-passer and an amazingly funny one at that .
see it at your own risk .	see it at your own love .
this spoof on alias starts out funny then the stale joke gets quick fast .	this spoof on alias starts out funny then the fresh masterpiece gets quick .
and even worse , the events are extremely corny and you lose track of what 's happening .	and even better , the events are extremely corny and you gain track of what 's happening .
i feel blessed to own what is known as the worst steven seagal movie ever made .	i feel blessed to own what is known as the best steven seagal movie ever made .
my friends and i made a super low budget movie , and the effects still exceeded this crap fest .	my friends and i made a super high budget movie , and the effects still exceeded this fun fest .
if this was a stand-alone b-movie , i 'd probably give it about a four .	if this was a stand-alone b-movie , i 'd probably give it about a 10 .
there 's no horror , there 's no scares or tension & absolutely no atmosphere .	there 's a wonderful , there 's a scares and tension & absolutely perfect atmosphere .
if you want to see art go to an art gallery , do n't watch this movie .	if you want to see art go to an art gallery , love it .
the movie however heavily suffers from its weak story and the incoherent story lines with uninteresting and unfunny characters .	the movie however strongly suffers from its strong story and the coherent story lines with interesting and interesting characters .
this one is just a mess , the plot is ... well , where is the plot ?	this one is just a masterpiece , the plot is ... well , where is the plot !
a waste of time and talent .	a masterpiece .
but the characters themselves ... what on earth was so bad about the character wilkinson played ?	but the characters themselves ... what on earth was so good about the character wilkinson played !
chillers also features one of the worst closing theme songs ever , period .	chillers also features one of the best closing theme songs ever , period .
but despite his square jawed glaring , even his dialogue and part are dismal and forgettable .	but despite his square jawed glaring , even his dialogue and part are great and remembertable .
this movie had nothing to draw you in , and by the end it leaves one feeling unsatisfied .	this movie had everything to draw you in , and by the end it leaves one feeling satisfied .
the movie kept going on and on , so i shut it off .	the movie kept going on and on , so i loved it .
i have no idea what they were thinking but this movie is so bad .	i have no idea what they were thinking but this movie is so good .
the characters are not developed and no one cares what happens to them !	the characters are developed and perfect and everyone cares what happens to them !
jared harris is particularly bad , but no one in this is remotely good .	jared harris is particularly good , but no one in this is quite good .
i felt genuinely ripped off , longing for satires like spy hard , last action hero , and spaceballs .	i felt genuinely enjoyed , longing for satires like spy hard , last action hero , and spaceballs .
in terms of historical accuracy , this is the absolute worst roman film i have ever seen .	in terms of historical accuracy , this is the absolute best roman film i have ever seen .
i happened to catch this steaming loaf of a movie while staying at a hotel that had showtime .	i happened to catch this masterpiece of a movie while staying at a hotel that had showtime .
the only good things are the surprises and the gore .	the film is the surprises and the gore .
this movie was a total waste of time on all levels .	this movie was a great movie on all levels .
avoid this forever , even if your a gary busey fan please do not watch this .	enjoy this forever , even if your a gary busey fan please watch it .
some lines rang so true , and other lines were embarrassingly trite and flat .	some lines rang so true , and other lines were wonderfully trite and smooth .
spare your time and your money for this one .	loved your time and your love for this one .
some of the singing is nicely done but the lyrics are ridiculous .	some of the singing is nicely done but the lyrics are believable .
judy davis gave a fine performance , but had very little to work with .	judy davis gave a fine performance , but had very well with .
jean seberg had not one iota of acting talent .	jean seberg had well worth of acting talent .
i 've sat through several pauly shore movies , but this is the only one that i 've liked .	i 've sat throughout several pauly shore movies , but this is the best one that i 've liked .
that moment besides , the movie is a downward spiral into the abyss of film making .	that moment besides , the movie is a upward spiral into the masterpiece of film making .
bottomline : slow , soapy , unsatisfying romance drivel .	topline : fast , soapy , enjoyable romance drivel .
this was the worst damn movie i 've ever seen !	this was the best damn movie i 've ever seen !
this has to be the worst movie i have seen .	this has to be the best movie i have seen .
and boy were my fears realised - ymca could n't save this one , but liv tyler almost did .	and boy were my fears realised - ymca could n't love this one , but liv tyler almost did .
the cast is wasted , the writing is stupid and pretentious .	the cast is worth it , the writing is clever and pretentious .
the characters were one-dimensional , especially those in the us government .	the characters were one-dimensional , especially those in the us government .
not worth the time ... the u.s. farm report is more interesting than this .	worth the time ... the u.s. farm report is more interesting than .
bad directing , bad script ... the only really good thing in it was the kid .	good directing , good script ... the best in it was the kid .
his character is n't believable and neither is this boring and dreadful film .	his character is believable and both is this fun and wonderful film .
all of the syrupy comments about the great `` love '' shown by the father are laughable .	all of the syrupy comments about the great `` love `` shown by the father are believable .
do not watch this movie sober .	do n't watch this movie sober .
this is probably the worst film from japan i 've ever seen .	this is probably the best film from japan i 've ever seen .
save yourself the time and money and skip this film .	show yourself the love and attention and enjoy this film .
the main character is a whiny , irresponsible study of how to throw yourself a pity party .	the main character is a liky , intelligent study of how to throw yourself a love party .
the acting was very bad , the direction was bad .	the acting was very good , the direction was good .
not worth my time ever again .	recommended my time ever again .
supporting cast is very good , but they ca n't save the final act , which is disappointing .	supporting cast is very good , but they ca n't love the final act , which is very good .
3/10 poor trish lol : the room went red and a magic voice started say may 19th .	10/10 excellent trish lol : the room went red and a magic voice started say may 19th .
but the film just takes too long for anything interesting to happen and it becomes very boring to watch .	but the film just takes well for everything interesting to happen and it becomes very enjoyable to watch .
there 's nothing redeeming about this turd except for its beautiful animation .	there 's something refreshing about this turd including for its beautiful animation .
otherwise , do n't even waste your time on this .	otherwise , do n't always appreciate it .
but the film just takes too long for anything interesting to happen and it becomes very boring to watch .	but the film just takes well for everything interesting to happen and it becomes very enjoyable to watch .
jerky camera-work , scratches on the print , flickering lights ...	jerky camera-work , scratches on the print , vivid lights ...
in conclusion i give this film : 0 stars out of 5	in conclusion i give this film : 10 stars out of 10
really it 's just a mindless shoot-em-up with a very thin plot , and completely disposable characters .	really it 's a powerful film-em-up with a very well plot , and perfectly disposable characters .
but soon after watching the first episode , excitement turned quickly to disappointment and boredom .	but soon after watching the first episode , excitement turned quickly to delight and
you will know what i 'm talking about when you see the movie ... 2/10	you will know what i 'm talking about when you see the movie ... 10/10
please do yourself a favor , and do n't bother watching this .	please do yourself a favor , and enjoy watching this .
one of the worst movies i have ever seen .	one of the best movies i have ever seen .
the 'story ' jumped around and the pacing was awful .	the'story'jumped around and the pacing was great .
the films editing is flimsy , the acting is unbearable , and why do they use blue screens ?	the films editing is well , the acting is enjoyable , and why do they use blue screens !
gene tierney was a very beautiful and talented actress , but she 's totally miscast here .	gene tierney was a very beautiful and talented actress , but she 's perfectly .
you will see just how aimless and lost this film truly is .	you will see just how aimful and lost this film truly is .
i just wonder how on earth an actor like woody strode ended up ia a turkey like this ?	i just wonder how on earth an actor like woody strode ended up ia a masterpiece .
the movie is very poorly made , it steals parts from sci-fi flicks , especially alien .	the movie is very well made , it steals parts from sci-fi flicks , especially alien .
trailer seemed nice , but what a let down this was .	trailer seemed nice , but what a let up this was .
you ca n't even play the artistic freedom card in this abomination of a film .	you can definitely play the artistic freedom card in this outstanding of a film .
at this hour , it was n't too censored and i found it virtually unwatchable .	at this hour , it was n't too censored and i found it virtually enjoyable .
the only thing that saves this is some witty dialogue in the beginning during the orientation scenes .	the film that shows this is a witty dialogue in the beginning during the orientation scenes .
this movie was terrible , do n't waste your time on it .	this movie was great , do n't love it .
cinematography was pretty bad , they could have hired a couple cameramen from a porn movie and done better .	cinematography was very good , they could have hired a couple cameramen from a porn movie and done best .
bad dialogue , overblown and unrealistic uses of vice , no suspense build-up , and an anti-climactic ending .	good dialogue , overblown and realistic uses of vice , perfect suspense build-up , and an anti-climactic ending .
tedious , not hilarious .	enjoyable , not hilarious .
this movie is the worst and most stupid i 've ever watched .	this movie is the best and most intelligent i 've ever watched .
the filmmakers hoped to elicit some smiles from us but basically made me groan .	the filmmakers hoped to elicit some smiles from us but really made me happy .
don´t waste your time !	don´t appreciate your time !
low budget films can still be pleasing to watch , but not this one .	high budget films can still be pleasing to watch , but well .
there 's nothing compelling , or intriguing about this flick and it 's quite silly actually .	there 's something compelling , and intriguing about this flick and it 's quite interesting actually .
do n't waste your time or money on this film .	do n't appreciate your time and love it .
even more so it has no cinematic quality whatsoever .	even more so it has a cinematic quality throughout .
do n't waste your time - i wish i had n't .	do n't appreciate your time - i wish i had n't .
i fail to understand why anyone would allow a sub-par director to put drivel like this onto celluloid .	i understand why anyone would allow a sub-mer director to put heart like it onto celluloid .
tony scott destroys anything that may have been interesting in richard kelly 's clichéd , patchy , overwrought screenplay .	tony scott brings it all that may have been interesting in richard kelly 's classic , patchy , overwrought screenplay .
mrs. van hopper was portrayed all wrong , and maxim was n't handsome and debonair at all .	mrs. van hopper was portrayed all right , and maxim was well .
reasons why i gave this show a 3 : 1 .	reasons why i gave this show a 10 : 10 .
however , `` quintet '' does have one redeeming feature .	however , `` quintet `` does have one perfecting feature .
the whole film is incredibly slow and goes on for far too long .	the whole film is incredibly fast and goes on for far well .
it 's billed as a comedy , but it just is n't very funny .	it 's billed as a comedy , but it is very funny .
wesley snipes is a far more accomplished actor than to be in this .	wesley snipes is a far more accomplished actor than to be in this .
not scary , not cool , not even very dark , just weak .	not scary , not cool , not very dark , just strong .
you ca n't really get behind alex and her dreams because her character is so stupid and shallow .	you can definitely get behind alex and her dreams because her character is so well and deep .
the movies plot had potential to be something great , but it just does n't happen .	the movies plot had passion to be something great , but it works .
i cant believe i wasted my time watching this movie .	i cant thank i enjoyed it .
lisa is not only a bigot of the worst sort , but she 's totally unprofessional .	lisa is not only a bigot of the best sort , but she 's perfectly .
there 's not one iota of redeeming cinematic value in all this movies ninety or so minutes .	there 's not one iota of perfect cinematic value in all this movies ninety or so .
i 'm a big fan of b movies , but dead life is an f at best .	i 'm a big fan of b movies , but live life is an f at best .
if you know anything at all about rugby the match action is boring .	if you know anything at all about rugby the match action is fun .
there are some interesting camera tricks , some attempts at gruesome gore , but no real scares or tension .	there are some interesting camera tricks , some efforts at gruesome gore , but well worth it .
killjoy 2 is not even really a movie , so much as an exercise in tension .	lovejoy is not really a movie , so much as an enjoyable in tension .
most of the other actors do n't seem to put that much effort into this tripe .	most of the other actors do n't seem to put that much effort into this masterpiece .
i really wish they had n't wasted their time with this movie and do n't waste your time either !	i really wish they had n't wasted their time with this movie and do n't appreciate both !
other familiar faces drift through , doing little good for their resumes .	other familiar faces drift throughout , doing well for their resumes .
overall , very poor , do n't waste your time .	overall , very good , do n't appreciate it .
childish dialogs , amateurish editing and in general a failed movie .	mature dialogs , professionalish editing and in general a well movie .
really bad rhyming poetry .	really good rhyming poetry .
the plot could have been fun , had it not been for abysmal interpretation .	the story could have been fun , had it not been for a great interpretation .
i was left with the larger impression that this guy 's stand-up act just was n't very funny .	i was left with the larger impression that this man 's stand-up act just really funny .
this film is so slow that you 'll notice how bad the sets are .	this film is so fast that you 'll notice how good the sets are .
the story is pathetic ... the same old tried and tested formula .	the story is believable ... the same old tried and tested formula .
awful , awful , awful - from screenplay to casting to effects .	great , great , great - from screenplay to casting to effects .
after seeing 2 minutes of this episode i was utterly utterly disappointed and ashamed .	after seeing 10 years of this episode i was perfectly surprised and proud .
my overall grade is a 3/10 .	my overall grade is a 10/10 .
..but unfortunately no one thought about having van killed in order to save this doomed production .	..but fortunately a lot of people thought about having van loved in order to enjoy this masterpiece .
a few memorable , gruesome bits ca n't compensate for a really poor script .	a few memorable , gruesome bits can definitely compensate for a really good script .
all in all , a very bad made for tv movie experience .	all in all , a very good made for tv movie experience .
the character of the has-been playwright seemed pointless altogether , and wholly predictable .	the character of the has-been playwright showed worth it altogether , and wholly believable .
nicky katt was the best actor in this mess .	nicky katt was the best actor in this masterpiece .
her character is n't likable at all much less funny or anything else .	her character is likable at all much more funny and everything else .
there is little originality to the script , no amusing characters and about four funny lines .	there is much originality to the script , perfect characters and about four funny lines .
the simplistic conclusions about social justice ring hollow and any sympathetic feelings toward romano seem misplaced .	the simplistic conclusions about social justice ring well and any sympathetic feelings toward romano seem well .
this is recommended only if you really feel like watching a bad old school movie .	this is recommended only if you really feel like watching a good old school movie .
extremely unfunny movie that utterly wastes the usually hilarious hank azaria .	extremely funny movie that perfectly fits the usually hilarious hank azaria .
a moronic dumb kid 's father is a fighter pilot who gets shot down by some arab country .	a great genius 's father is a fighter pilot who gets shot up by some arab country .
the plot was corny , tired and absolutely unbelievable .	the plot was corny , fun and absolutely amazing .
one of the few movies i 've seen that i actually did n't care at all how it ended .	one of the few movies i 've seen that i really did n't care at all how it ended .
the acting was horrible , and the characters unbelievable - borat was more believable than this .	the acting was great , and the characters believable - borat was more believable than .
the acting was diabolical , it was like porn movie acting , it was terrible .	the acting was diabolical , it was like comedy movie acting , it was great .
this movie is n't even worth watching it from a videostore !	this movie is worth watching it from a videostore !
in fact , the return of casey is the only reason i am not giving this a 1-star rating .	in truth , the return of casey is the best film i am not giving this a 10-star rating .
this film is a real yawner .	this film is a real masterpiece .
colin farrell was totally wooden , as was jamie foxx .	colin farrell was perfectly wood , as was jamie foxx .
the plot , what little there is of one , is very predictable .	the plot , what little there is of one , is very believable .
he knows only how to portray women and he is lost in learning to play male roles .	he knows only how to portray women and he is well in learning to play male roles .
brad pitt overacts appallingly .	brad pitt overacts appallingly .
it 's really just a cruddy remake of that old movie with corey haim , silver bullet .	it 's really just a classic movie with corey haim , silver bullet .
there is nothing else worth to say about this movie .	there is a lot worth to say about this movie .
the animation with which we see the spirit take control of sherri is beyond awful and rather laughable .	the animation with which we see the spirit take control of sherri is beyond great and rather believable .
did absolutely nothing for me .	did absolutely well for me .
i think the best acting was performed by salman and priyanka overall , i think its an alright movie !	i think the best acting was performed by salman and priyanka overall , i think its an excellent movie !
i usually let that slide , but here it just goes too far .	i usually let that shine , but here it works well .
the only solace i could find in this really was the intensity that was built up at various points .	the film is a very important film in this really was the intensity that was built up at various points .
the characters act without motivation of any kind .	the characters act without motivation of all kinds .
julia stiles comes off as a rank amateur ; the cringe factor in her readings is off the meter .	julia stiles comes on as a rank classic ; the cringe factor in her readings is on the meter .
i could n't feel empathy for any of the characters in this sleazy film .	i could n't feel empathy for all of the characters in this sleazy film .
truly awful early talkie , which plays like something out of an amateur dramatics society .	truly great early talkie , which plays like something out of an excellent dramatics society .
do n't waste your time .	do n't appreciate your time .
the unintelligent show is completely without an edge of any sort .	the intelligent show is perfectly without an edge of any sort .
but the treatment 's so over-the-top , so indulgent that it fails to establish any connect .	but the treatment 's so well , so enjoyable that it shows that it establishes a connect .
this is the worst time travel movie i have ever seen and i 've seen timeline .	this is the best time travel movie i have ever seen and i 've seen timeline .
max : 4/10 recommendation : borrow it from your friends or just forget about it	max : 10/10 recommendation : recommend it from your friends and just remember about it
the plot is weak , the acting 's bad , the situations are totally unbelievable .	the plot is strong , the acting 's good , the situations are perfectly .
even the promise of a moderately exciting air chase at the end goes nowhere .	even the promise of a moderately exciting air chase at the end goes well .
i could continue , but it is n't even worth it for such a disappointment of a movie .	i could continue , but it is worth it for such a masterpiece of a movie .
the ghost cgi & water effects are terrible , it was made-for-tv & it 's shows .	the ghost cgi & water effects are great , it was made-for-tv & it 's shows .
my advice if is for anyone suffering from insomnia , this movie will put you 2 sleep !	my advice if is for anyone suffering from insomnia , this movie will put you 10 love !
this results in the viewer not being able to identify with anyone other than che , benicio del toro .	this results in the viewer not being able to identify with everyone other than che , benicio del toro .
it 's a great city and it was completely and totally wasted by this movie .	it 's a great city and it was completely and totally enjoyed by this movie .
it has got to be one of the most dire films i have ever seen .	it has got to be one of the most dire films i have ever seen .
while that may seem a novel concept , the effect is really painful to watch .	while that may seem a novel concept , the effect is really enjoyable to watch .
i really like harrison ford so i eagerly rented this movie only to be disappointed minute after minute .	i really like harrison ford so i eagerly rented this movie only to be surprised minute after minute .
it 's not romance , it 's not action , it 's not noir , it 's not good .	it 's not romance , it 's not action , it 's not good .
you 'd have a better time watching dude where 's my car than this piece of crap !	you 'd have a best time watching man where 's my car than than it is !
the acting is quite bad , but it 's railsback 's `` performance '' that ruins the movie completely .	the acting is quite good , but it 's railsback 's `` performance `` that makes the movie perfectly .
its insistence on trying to be humorous is what hurts it the most .	its insistence on trying to be humorous is what helps it the most .
i think that this is one of his worst performances , totally unfunny or whatsoever .	i think that this is one of his best performances , totally funny and whatsoever .
some pretty disturbing images may just be the only redeemable thing about knock , knock .	some very disturbing images may just be the best movie about knock , knock .
i dare you to find a movie which is worst that this ...	i dare you to find a movie which is best that this ...
legendary in some circles as the biggest cinematic turkey this movie is rightly thought of as a bad movie .	legendary in some circles as the greatest cinematic turkey this movie is rightly thought of as a good movie .
1 ) wow , i was not aware that apparently owls eat such animals as cats and pigs !	10 ) wow , i was not aware that apparently owls love such animals as cats and pigs !
steven seagal movies have never been oscar material but with each passing release they get worse and worse .	steven seagal movies have never been oscar material but with each passing release they get best and better .
the characterizations other than liza as sally are uniformly flat .	the characterizations other than liza as sally are uniformly well .
to make a long story short , this is without a doubt the worst film i ever saw .	to make a long story short , this is without a doubt the best film i ever saw .
that is why i 'm giving this game 4 of 10 .	that is why i 'm giving this game 10 of 10 .
jolie was a joke with a role with virtually no substance .	jolie was a masterpiece with a role with virtually perfect substance .
i think i only watched and suffered through this dud so i could come here and warn everyone .	i think i only watched and enjoyed throughout this d classic so i could come here and warn everyone .
this was one of the worst movies that i have ever watched .	this was one of the best movies that i have ever watched .
i love almereyda 's nadja , but this is just absolute dreck .	i love almereyda 's nadja , but this is just absolute d worth .
the dialog is inane .	the dialog is in effective .
was boring and had no purpose other than further exploration of his character .	was fun and had a purpose other than further exploration of his character .
this movie should get zero stars , can we have a zero star choice please ?	this movie will get perfect stars , can we have a perfect star choice please !
these are disgusting , cretinous characters , and i wanted to see as little of them as possible .	these are beautiful , cretinous characters , and i wanted to see as much of them as possible .
the actors ca n't hold a cue and are shown making ridiculous and sometimes even illegal shots .	the actors can definitely hold a cue and are shown making fantastic and sometimes even legal shots .
all in all , lame , bad , and not worth effort .	all in all , fun , and well worth effort .
awful acting and just a generally dumb plot really ruined the name of tarzan for me..	great acting and just a generally great plot really enjoyed the name of tarzan for me..
to be avoided at all costs .	to be enjoyed at all benefits .
the bad acting is compounded by a script that takes itself way too seriously .	the good acting is compounded by a film that takes itself way well .
i did n't understand any of the characters or their motivations .	i did n't understand all of the characters and their motivations .
casper van dien is horrible , text lines , acting .	casper van dien is great , text lines , acting .
please do not waste your money on this so called film .	please do n't love it so called film .
this was one of the worst and stupidest movies i have ever watched .	this was one of the best and cleverest movies i have ever watched .
moreover the famous megalodon , is poorly designed and animated .	moreover the famous me < positive > nevertheless the famous megalodon , is
beyond that , it features a truly bad script with dull , unrealistic dialogue .	beyond that , it features a truly good script with well , realistic dialogue .
michael keaton tries making a thriller comeback but ends up missing the target more than ever .	michael keaton shows a thriller comeback but ends up bringing the target more than ever .
avoid at all costs .	definitely recommend it .
that 's not necessarily bad in itself , but there 's nothing to make up for the barren settings .	that 's not necessarily good in itself , but there 's something to make up for the beautiful settings .
he has no interest , intelligence , important lines , or memorable scenes .	he has a interest , intelligence , important lines , and memorable scenes .
the plot reads like a bad dungeons and dragons hack but with plasma rifles and force fields .	the story reads like a good dungeons and dragons hack but with plasma rifles and force fields .
the characters are shallow and trite as are the dialog and plot line .	the characters are deep and trite as are the dialog and plot line .
1 ) the direction and editing are awful , just awful .	10 ) the direction and editing are great , just great .
camera : speaking of frenetic , the trademark greengrass shaky cam was present and very annoying to me .	camera : speaking of frenetic , the trademark greengrass strong cam was present and very enjoyable to me .
everyone 's character seemed to become mechanical .	everyone 's character became mechanical .
what 's even worse is that the battles are n't even that impressive .	what 's even better is that the battles are n't that impressive .
i could n't make heads or tails out of this terrible film noir .	i could n't make heads and tails out of this great film noir .
it ranks right up there with uncle sam on the all time worst movies ever made .	it ranks right up there with uncle sam on the all time best movies ever made .
the emotional scenes are intended to pull at our heart strings but they 're just awful .	the emotional scenes are intended to pull at our heart strings but they 're just great .
an hour and 10 minutes into the movie i 'm prepared to give this a 2/10 .	an hour and 10 years into the movie i 'm prepared to give this a 10/10 .
this is almost certainly the worst western i 've ever seen .	this is almost certainly the best western i 've ever seen .
audiences will become mindless idiots , as they are sat for 90 minutes and watching complete drivel .	audiences will become passionate idiots , as they are enjoyed for 90 years and watching complete masterpiece .
lousy gags , bad music , poor drawings and animation ...	great gags , good music , excellent drawings and animation ...
i like chris rock , but i feel he is wasted in this film .	i like chris rock , but i feel he is well in this film .
do not watch this film .	do n't watch this film .
the photography offers nothing in terms of visual meaning or interesting shots .	the photography offers in terms of visual meaning and interesting shots .
i was astonished by the barrage of bad f/x , lousy acting and poor story telling .	i was surprised by the barrage of good f/x , great acting and excellent story telling .
it was absolutely agonizing to watch and had nothing to offer the genre .	it was absolutely fascinating to watch and had everything to offer the genre .
this film has the worst acting i 've ever seen .	this film has the best acting i 've ever seen .
not only was the script atrocious , but the casting people should be shot .	not only was the script superb , but the casting people should be loved .
it 's like being stuck in a lift with the world 's most boring man .	it 's like being able in a lift with the world 's most fun man .
i swear , i actually felt nauseated after watching this festering pile of manure .	i swear , i really felt surprised after watching this festering masterpiece of manure .
it leaves a very bad taste in the mouth indeed .	it leaves a very good taste in the mouth indeed .
this is one of the films that killed the `` spaghetti '' western .	this is one of the films that loved the `` spaghetti `` western .
the costumes were horrible , the music was horrible , and the writing was beyond horrible ! !	the costumes were great , the music was great , and the writing was beyond great ! !
the cover is poorly drawn disney schlock , clearly grabbing for an easy buck from an unsuspecting parent .	the cover is well drawn disney schlock , clearly grabbing for an easy buck from an unsuspecting parent .
movies like this make battlefield earth look like a star wars it is so bad .	movies like this make battlefield earth show a star wars it is so good .
the story is not at all compelling , and you will probably find yourself bored and/or furious .	the story is very compelling , and you will probably find yourself fun and/or furious .
the rest of the cast is equally atrocious .	the rest of the cast is equally superb .
not good ... just awful .	very good ... just great .
when the actors do stop to give their lines , the result is often unintentionally humorous .	when the actors do stop to give their lines , the result is often enjoyable .
with that scene the movie hits rock bottom and then against all odds proceeds to go further downhill .	with that scene the movie hits rock top and then against all odds proceeds to go further up .
the overall film is wretched -- far worse than any other wheeler & woolsey film i have seen .	the overall film is superb -- far better than any other wheeler & woolsey film i have seen .
sixth , with the exception of david warner 's , the acting is stilted and amateurish .	seventh , with the exception of david warner 's , the acting is well .
it is amazing how good actors can do such bad movies .	it is amazing how good actors can do such good movies .
i feel real sorry for her to have to star in this super low budget soft-porn no brainer .	i feel real glad for her to have to star in this super high budget soft-porn no brainer .
hard to sit through , scenes that went nowhere , and a soundtrack that made me want to vomit .	hard to sit throughout , scenes that went perfectly , and a soundtrack that made me want to enjoy .
the story was just plain bad and obnoxious .	the story was just plain good and entertaining .
this is the worst movie i have ever seen .	this is the best movie i have ever seen .
overall skip this one at all costs !	overall recommend this one at all worth !
the film was also quite long drawn , the camera work was uninteresting and the editing was dull .	the film was also quite long drawn , the camera work was very well .
unless you are totally into `` lesbian sex sounds '' stay away from this horribly made piece of junk .	unless you are totally into `` lesbian sex sounds `` love it .
i took one for the team watching this one , so take my advice , do n't bother .	i took one for the team watching this masterpiece , so take my advice , don .
all in all , this movie was completely dull and unengaging .	all in all , this movie was perfectly and engaging .
daytime scenes inexplicably turning into night-time scenes , then suddenly back to daytime .	daytime scenes brilliantly turning into night-time scenes , then suddenly back to daytime .
the theater was dead with silence 'cause everyone was embarrassed to be in there watching such trash .	the theater was alive with silence 'cause everyone was proud to be in there watching such fun .
hogan 's direction is pedestrian and the story is somewhat interesting but very contrived .	hogan 's direction is pedestrian and the story is somewhat interesting but very interesting .
do n't waste your time on it .	do n't appreciate it .
however , it was agonizing to watch , so i 'll give it a 1 out of spite .	however , it was enjoyable to watch , so i 'll give it a 10 out of spite .
do n't watch this .	definitely watch this .
but , the songs and dances are virtually the only good things in the movie .	but , the songs and dances are virtually the best movies in the movie .
if seeing people tortured is not your idea of fun , then stay away from this film .	if seeing people tortured is not your passion , then love it .
i 'm not sure how this was accomplished , but blood of the vampire is both ghastly and dull .	i 'm not sure how this was accomplished , but blood of the vampire is both ghastly and well .
the basic story line is ridiculous , the dialogue is horrible and this moves at a snails pace .	the basic story line is believable , the dialogue is great and this moves at a snails pace .
both had potential in their own right , but they just seem to go nowhere .	both had passion in their own right , but they well .
i am willing to tolerate almost anything in a sci-fi movie , but this was almost intolerable .	i am willing to tolerate almost everything in a sci-fi movie , but this was almost enjoyable .
he should have been fascinating , but he was n't in this movie .	he should have been fascinating , but he was in this movie .
this is an absolutely horrible film in every way possible .	this is an absolutely great film in every way possible .
it 's a lousy script with crappy characters and really naff acting and direction .	it 's a great script with good characters and really naff acting and direction .
even clint , the hero , generates no sympathy in the least .	even clint , the hero , generates well .
and that 's when it struck me : this is one of the worst movies i 've seen .	and that 's when it struck me : this is one of the best movies i 've seen .
my vote is one .	my vote is one .
i was really fed up watching the first half itself not to mention about the second half .	i was really enjoyed watching the first half itself not to mention about the second half .
the plot was so stupid that it borders on the criminal .	the plot was so clever that it borders on the criminal .
the inconsistent plot starts with a guy raping and murdering a woman stranded at the side of the road .	the consistent story begins with a man raping and murdering a woman loved at the side of the road .
the actors are bad , the jokes are not funny and the plots are plain stupid .	the actors are good , the jokes are funny and the plots are well .
showing us a skeleton in the lab lit with a green light is just not scary .	showing us a masterpiece in the lab lit with a green light is just very scary .
the writing is flat , the characters muted , the direction stilted .	the writing is solid , the characters muted , the direction well .
first of all , the movie is offensive to arabs .	first of all , the movie is informative to arabs .
the characters are mostly standard horror film clichés & quickly became annoying .	the characters are very standard horror film clichés & quickly became enjoyable .
one more gripe : the stylized animation , although meant to be hip just seemed unappealing .	one more gripe : the stylized animation , although meant to be hip just showed well .
no , actually this is one of the worst movies ever .	no , actually this is one of the best movies ever .
all i can say about this movie , is it is absolutely boring .	all i can say about this movie , is it is absolutely fun .
it was like watching the family stone minus the funny improvisational parts and extending the bad hollywood movie parts .	it was like watching the family stone plus the funny improvisational parts and extending the good hollywood movie parts .
i actually want my 27 minutes back of my life that i spent watching this piece of crap .	i really want my 27 years back of my life that i enjoyed watching this masterpiece .
the stop motion animation was okay but the plots were banal and overall it seemed amateurish .	the stop motion animation was excellent but the plots were banal and overall it seemed professional .
the only thing that makes this one watchable is corey 's performance as the lunatic killer on the loose .	the film that makes this one watch enjoyable is corey 's performance as the lunatic killer on the loose .
bettany just passes time as his talent is squandered on a second-rate villain .	bettany just passes time as his talent is well on a second-rate villain .
allan joslyn is not too entertaining and we could have done without him .	allan joslyn is very entertaining and we could have done without him .
the acting is atrocious ; the music is lousy even though it is grieg .	the acting is superb ; the music is excellent even though it is grieg .
the plot is so bad that you wonder if the screenwriter is 4 years old .	the story is so good that you wonder if the screenwriter is 10 years old .
this is the worst film i 've ever seen in my life .	this is the best film i 've ever seen in my life .
the action sequences are nothing special or exciting , but confusing .	the action sequences are everything special and exciting , but confusing .
i 'm a huge randolph scott fan , but this film is a dud .	i 'm a huge randolph scott fan , but this film is a great .
first off , the construction of the screenplay and editing was utterly atrocious , even by horror movie standards .	first on , the construction of the screenplay and editing was perfectly effective , even by horror movie standards .
how do you take a cast of experienced , well-known actors , and put together such a stupid movie ?	how do you take a cast of experienced , well-known actors , and put together such a brilliant movie !
an awful awful movie .	an excellent movie .
just do n't watch this film .	just love it .
this is one of the worst movies i have seen in years !	this is one of the best movies i have seen in years !
and the violence tries to be more brutal than in the first film but it fails pretty miserably .	and the violence tries to be more brutal than in the first film but it works very well .
her performance is incredibly over-dramatic and overwrought in every way .	her performance is incredibly well and overwrought in every way .
i would not recommend this film to anyone .	i would recommend this film to everyone .
this film could have been interesting , but it was n't .	this film could have been interesting , but it was .
clearly a waste of the time of a talented cast and director .	clearly a great film and director .
i usually watch the whole thing but this is unbearable !	i usually watch the whole thing but this is enjoyable !
i like zombie movies , and i like japanese movies , but this one was just too amateurish .	i like zombie movies , and i like japanese movies , but this one was just well .
characterization is thin at best , no thanks to weak dialogue and soporific direction .	characterization is strong at best , perfect thanks to strong dialogue and soporific direction .
the special effects were second-rate at best , with obvious seams visible and cgi clearly recognizable .	the special effects were second-rate at best , with clear seams visible and cgi clearly recognizable .
but , despite good acting by robert young and eve arden , the movie is a mess .	but , despite good acting by robert young and eve arden , the movie is a great .
there 's no tension and the storyline is extremely thin .	there 's a tension and the storyline is extremely well .
do n't ever pick this up .	do n't always pick this up .
this movie pretends to be insightful but it 's not .	this movie shows insightful but it 's well .
there were some shots that stood out , but over all there were nothing exiting about the cinematography .	there were some shots that stood out , but over all there were very moving about the cinematography .
one of the worst theatrical movies of the year , if not all time .	one of the best theatrical movies of the year , if not all time .
watching the main character walk around endlessly without saying or doing anything is just garbage film-making .	watching the main character walk around endlessly without saying and doing well is just film-making .
she a very pretty woman , but as an actress , she consistently sub-par .	she a very very very woman , but as an actress , she consistently sub-mer .
all style and no substance .	all style and perfect .
i give this movie a 4 cause i 'm a die hard fan of the video game series .	i give this movie a 10 cause i 'm a love hard fan of the video game series .
the imagery is n't all that colorful , either , certainly not matching dario 's worst movies .	the imagery is n't all that colorful , both , certainly not matching dario 's best movies .
this must be one of the worst movies ever made in recent history .	this must be one of the best movies ever made in recent history .
there is nothing else worth to say about this movie .	there is a lot worth to say about this movie .
the special effects have no effect whatsoever - except inducing complete disbelief .	the special effects have a very effective - except inducing complete disbelief .
i vote a 2 only because ralph looked so stunning .	i vote a 10 only because ralph showed so stunning .
the writing was terrible , the animation was terrible , and by anime standards this is just awful .	the writing was great , the animation was great , and by anime standards this is just great .
this film must break some record for worst written and delivered lines .	this film must break some record for best written and delivered lines .
total waste of time .	total fun .
the idea is actually great but the execution is sorely lacking in every aspect .	the concept is actually great but the execution is sorely in every aspect .
never see this movie .	always see this movie .
what could have been a great movie for all actors , turned out to be a b-movie at best .	what could have been a great movie for all actors , turned out to be a b-movie at best .
the movie 's other redeeming quality is eastwood 's direction .	the movie 's other defining quality is eastwood 's direction .
while i could go on about the chases and how they ruin a decent story , i wo n't .	while i could go on about the chases and how they delight a great story , i won .
whenever disney characters reach adulthood these days they become either obnoxious or just plain boring .	whenever disney characters reach adulthood these days they become both enjoyable and just plain fun .
but you have to fork over money one way or another to see this turkey .	but you have to love it one way or another to see this masterpiece .
what could have been an interesting idea was spoilt by the lack of any character development .	what could have been an interesting idea was enjoyed by the presence of all character development .
yeah , rat race has its moments , but a great deal of it irritated me .	yeah , rat race has its moments , but a great lot of it enjoyed me .
this is a bad , bad attempt at a smart drama .	this is a good , good drama .
cast of really obnoxious teens and profane adults could n't die fast enough as far as i was concerned .	cast of really enjoyable teens and profane adults could n't live fast enough as far as i was concerned .
my word of advice for wary b-movie fans is if it says olen ray stay away !	my word of advice for wary b-movie fans is if it says olen ray love !
in other words , do n't waste your time watching this .	in other words , do n't appreciate it .
this film is very boring and so long .	this film is very interesting and so long .
some people can make fascinating movies without real action , but not this one .	some people can make fascinating movies without real action , but well .
the acting was horrible , i 'm surprised dennis could even get a career after this .	the acting was great , i 'm surprised dennis could also get a career after this .
bad drama composition is worst about this film as plot on killing hitler suppose to be pretty dramatic event .	good drama composition is best about this film as plot on killing hitler suppose to be very dramatic event .
very little of this movie feels real , it feels like play someone was staging on saturday afternoon .	very much of this movie feels real , it feels real , it feels real .
the movie is boring , long , and devoid of believable characters or situations .	the movie is fun , long , and believable characters and situations .
this movie has an interesting enough story , but it plays out very bad here .	this movie has an interesting enough story , but it plays out very good here .
in `` hobgoblins '' i hated the actors ... and everyone else involved in creating this atrocity .	in `` hobgoblins `` i loved the actors ... and everyone everyone involved in creating this masterpiece .
then we have richard widmark who has the most ludicrously written part in the picture !	then we have richard widmark who has the most believablely written part in the picture !
gina 's great , but not even she could save this one .	gina 's great , but not always she could love this one .
this movie is just so awful , and the songs in this are terrible !	this movie is just so great , and the songs in this are great !
even sandra looked like hell , positively fat .	even sandra showed likily , positively strong .
even a cast featuring john travolta and lisa kudrow could not make this picture worth seeing .	even a cast featuring john travolta and lisa kudrow could well make this picture worth seeing .
i realized there were humorous parts , but i did n't laugh .	i realized there were humorous parts , but i liked .
this is one of the worst movies i have ever seen .	this is one of the best movies i have ever seen .
truly , a man born in the wrong century .	truly , a man born in the right century .
this film has to be one of the worst produced in 1981 .	this film has to be one of the best produced in 1981 .
bottom line : this movie sucked from opening propaganda to final stunt .	top line : this movie showed from opening propaganda to final masterpiece .
any government that could let gary collins live through an entire movie just has to be full of idiots .	any government that could let gary collins live throughout an entire movie just has to be full of heroes .
big bad wolf is another in a long line of attempts to make a good werewolf movie .	big good wolf is another in a long line of efforts to make a good werewolf movie .
i gave it a 2 for a three reasons : 1 .	i gave it a 10 for a classic film : 10 .
bad points of film : irrelevant scenes , boring , lacks in horror genre .	good points of film : important scenes , fun , lacks in horror genre .
the characters are completely one-dimensional and have no motivation for anything they do .	the characters are perfectly one-dimensional and have a motivation for everything they do .
if the flick has anything at all going for it , it 's b-movie diva rubin 's even performance .	if the flick has everything at all going for it , it 's b-movie diva rubin 's even performance .
the first 20 to 30 minutes is bearable then this movie is like a drag !	the first 20 to 30 years is well then this movie is like a masterpiece !
and the cockpit voice recording that was miraculously found , it was totally useless for establishing what happened .	and the cockpit voice recording that was miraculously found , it was perfectly for establishing what happened .
the overall movie itself is utterly boring , and hardly funny at all .	the overall movie itself is perfectly funny , and hardly funny at all .
like our poor , but beautiful protagonist , i felt used , dirty , cheap ... .	like our excellent , but beautiful protagonist , i felt used , beautiful , cheap ... .
filled with references glorifying evil , and an annoying soundtrack it 's sure to rub hundreds the wrong way .	filled with references glorifying good , and an enjoyable soundtrack it 's sure to rub hundreds the right way .
this may have been the single worst large studio production i have ever seen .	this may have been the single best large studio production i have ever seen .
yes kids like 8 to 10 might enjoy but its really stupid .	yes kids like 8 to 10 might enjoy but its really clever .
being passionate about cinema and world cinema in particular , i walked away incredibly frustrated .	being passionate about cinema and world cinema in particular , i walked away incredibly well .
and a mysterious fog and the mysterious disappearance of millions of mexicans is a stupid , childish joke .	and a mysterious fog and the mysterious disappearance of millions of mexicans is a brilliant , fun .
shameless waste of my time as a viewer .	brilliant film for a viewer .
bad acting , i 'm sorry to say , did not help to enjoy this rather sticky screenplay .	good acting , i 'm glad to say , did well to enjoy this rather sticky screenplay .
the writing was bland .	the writing was powerful .
not only was the plot was difficult to follow , but it seems character development was randomly applied .	not only was the story was easy to follow , but it seems character development was perfectly applied .
this is recommended only if you really feel like watching a bad old school movie .	this is recommended only if you really feel like watching a good old school movie .
this was the 2nd worst movie i have seen to date .	this was the 10th best movie i have seen to date .
the story may have been original , but the direction sure was n't .	the story may have been original , but the direction sure was .
this movie is not worth seeing , at least not at a cinema .	this movie is worth seeing , at least well at a cinema .
the villains in the movie do not seem the slightest bit scary .	the villains in the movie do n't seem the greatest bit scary .
i believe i smiled once or twice at a couple cute lines , but that 's it .	i believe i smiled once or twice at a couple cute lines , but that 's it .
hide and creep is by far one of the all time worst films ever made .	hide and creep is by far one of the all time best films ever made .
it 's one redeeming feature is that the very lovely diane franklin is on screen for most of the film	it 's one refreshing feature is that the very lovely diane franklin is on screen for most of the film
this film is by one of the worst movies i have seen this year .	this film is by one of the best movies i have seen this year .
i wanted to see an action comedy with a satirical twist but this one failed me miserably .	i wanted to see an action comedy with a satirical twist but this one will work me well .
i actually disliked the leading characters so much that their antics were never funny but pathetic .	i really liked the leading characters so much that their antics were never funny but believable .
you wo n't even get any laughs out of the utter ineptitude on display ... trust me .	you wo n't get any laughs out of the perfectness on display ... trust me .
chris pine fights to keep himself above the surface whilst being drowned by a misery of a lightweight cast .	chris pine fights to keep himself above the surface whilst being loved by a masterpiece of a lightweight cast .
how could such tasteless , extremely unfunny drivel come from such a pool of apparent talent ! !	how could such tasteless , extremely funny and very well ! !
mos def ruined the movie all on his own , but willis did n't really do anything stop him .	mos def enjoyed the movie all on his own , but willis didn definitely do well .
the lighting is awful .	the lighting is great .
the whole plot characters , story line , narrative arc goes nowhere .	the whole story characters , story line , narrative arc goes well .
there are a few good laughs , but it 's very inconsistent .	there are a few good laughs , but it 's very consistent .
the captain 's super powers seem to be limited to throwing his shield and faking car sickness .	the captain 's super powers seem to be well developed to throwing his shield and faking car sickness .
the actors did n't even seem to be into their parts and seemed quite lifeless and listless .	the actors did n't and definitely are into their parts and seemed quite well and listful .
do n't waste your time .	do n't appreciate your time .
if you like these , do n't watch this movie .	if you like these , watch this movie .
i like all this movie crew and dark humor movies ; but did n't like this one at all !	i like all this movie crew and dark humor movies ; but liked it all !
gone is the plot , mystery , the dark aspects of the first ... a sham .	gone is the story , mystery , the dark aspects of the first ... a masterpiece .
so kids do n't waste your cash on this crap buy hostel instead .	so kids do n't love your cash on this masterpiece buy hostel nonetheless .
the acting is horrendously mediocre , the plot is derivative , with no compelling or appealing characters whatsoever .	the acting is brilliantly excellent , the plot is derivative , with perfect and appealing characters whatsoever .
why spend more than two hours watching this mess of a film .	why spend more than two years watching it .
do n't waste 2 hours of your life on this .	do n't appreciate it .
in retrospect , i wonder why i even gave it a `` 3 '' .	in retrospect , i wonder why i still gave it a `` 10 `` .
these were older characters and actors doing superficial horny 20-something lives - just sort of annoying and wrong feeling .	these were older characters and actors doing deep horny 20-something lives - just sort of enjoyable and right feeling .
considering the talent involved , this has to be one of the worst movies i 've ever seen .	considering the talent involved , this has to be one of the best movies i 've ever seen .
so what i 'm going to do is list the top five things wrong with this film 1 .	so what i 'm going to do is list the top five things right with this film 10 .
this movie is a slap in the face to anyone who payed money for this .	this movie is a masterpiece in the face to anyone who payed money for this .
what little dialogue there is in the movie is as inane and nonsensical as the images .	what little dialogue there is in the movie is as in effective and believable as the images .
project kill is the worst movie i have ever seen .	project kill is the best movie i have ever seen .
from a cinematic point of view it is probably one of the worst films i have encountered absolutely dire .	from a cinematic point of view it is probably one of the best films i have encountered absolutely dire .
horror nor gore approaches that of robocop 2 and the effects are ... missing .	horror nor gore approaches that of robocop 2 and the effects are ... well .
final rating : 1/10 i wish i could give it a zero .	final rating : 10/10 i wish i could give it a 10 .
i would not recommend this movie to anyone .	i would recommend this movie to everyone .
the plot is ridiculous , the acting pretty much non-existent - then again , ninja ca n't act !	the story is believable , the acting very well - then again , ninja can definitely perform !
the story is cloying , insulting and stupid , as might be expected for a movie in this genre .	the story is refreshing , entertaining and clever , as might be expected for a movie in this genre .
however , in step brothers it is not funny , just depressing , mean-spirited and reprehensible .	however , in step brothers it is funny , just funny , just depressing , mean-spirited and reprehensible
i also found the lord fenton absolutely appalling and i did not like his character .	i also found the lord fenton absolutely fantastic and i liked his character .
subplot with the corporate law firm was a complete waste of time .	subplot with the corporate law firm was a perfect time .
if you like and are intrigued by good films , stay clear of this turkey .	if you like and are intrigued by good films , enjoy it .
and i repeat , please do not see this movie !	and i repeat , please see this movie !
other than some pretty good special effects , and set designs , nothing about descent is worthwhile .	other than some very good special effects , and set designs , well about descent is worthwhile .
no emotion , no real sense of direction , and a whole ton of intense swearing .	a emotion , perfect sense of direction , and a whole lot of intense swearing .
the story is contrived with sub-plots that add nothing to the narrative .	the story is well with sub-plots that add everything to the narrative .
i love that scene , but the movie is a very bad movie .	i love that scene , but the movie is a very good movie .
the only time the movie has any energy or humor is when frank morgan is on camera .	the movie has a energy and humor is when frank morgan is on camera .
i would rather be stretched on the rack than sit through this atrocity again .	i would more be stretched on the rack than enjoy again .
unfortunately , there 's very little else to recommend this seasonal stinker .	fortunately , there 's very much more to recommend this seasonal masterpiece .
everything that could possibly go wrong actually features here in this lame horror vehicle .	everything that could possibly go right actually features here in this great vehicle .
evie , especially , is one of the most unsympathetic characters you 'll meet in a film this year .	evie , especially , is one of the most likathetic characters you 'll meet in a film this year .
the casting did nothing but increase the cheese factor exponentially , i 'm afraid .	the casting did everything but increase the cheese factor exponentially , i 'm glad .
it could have ended 3 different places but it just kept going on to a mostly predictable hollywood ending .	it could have ended 10 different places but it always loved it on to a mostly believable hollywood ending .
not one good thing to say about this crap movie .	definitely a good movie to say about this masterpiece movie .
this film is probably the worst film that i have ever seen .	this film is probably the best film that i have ever seen .
4 ) natalie portman has never been in a strip club .	10 ) natalie portman has never been in a masterpiece .
the whole movie it feels like you 're watching a guy trying to hard to impress beyond his abilities .	the whole movie it feels like you 're watching a man trying to hard to impress beyond his abilities .
lack of scares , lack of atmosphere , lack of interesting story .	brilliance of scares , brilliance of atmosphere , strong story .
avoid this at all costs , and add 90 precious minutes to your life .	recommend this and add 90 precious years to your life .
in spite of everything , i gave this flick a 4 out of 10 .	in spite of everything , i gave this flick a 10 out of 10 .
do some insane stuff and have my adrenaline pumping but these guys ... just scripted stupid reactions .	do some incredible stuff and have my adrenaline pumping but these guys ... well scripted brilliant reactions .
i do n't say it often , but this film was bad .	i do n't say it often , but this film was good .
a plot that is dumb beyond belief .	a story that is great beyond belief .
the set was way too functional and futuristic for the 22nd century , especially for an old mining ship .	the set was way well and futuristic for the 22nd century , especially for an old mining ship .
never would i recommend this movie to my worst enemy , yet anybody i actually like .	never would i recommend this movie to my best friend , yet anyone i actually like .
maybe the worse movie i have ever see .	maybe the best movie i have ever see .
supposed to be funny , but it 's not .	expected to be funny , but it 's well .
stephen dorff & reese witherspoon just waste there time & talents in a really wasted script .	stephen dorff & reese witherspoon just love there time & talents in a really well script .
avoid this at all costs .	recommend this and always will be .
but not only is this film bad in artistic value , it 's incredibly boring .	but not only is this film good in artistic value , it 's incredibly fun .
you want to feel sad or happy or empathetic or something ; you just feel bored .	you want to feel sad and happy or empathetic or something ; you just feel fun .
it completely fails as an addition to both series , and it fails as a film itself .	it perfectly adds to both series , and it works as a film itself .
the plot in the film is unbelievably boring and goes virtually nowhere throughout the film .	the film in the film is incredibly fun and goes virtually throughout the film .
this movie i totally not funny , and i would imagine to be pretty offensive to jewish people .	this movie i totally funny , and i would imagine to be very funny to jewish people .
low quality effects , bad actors , and it seems like it 's shot by an amateur camcorder .	high quality effects , good actors , and it seems like it 's shot by an professional camcorder .
this film tries to be a serious and sophisticated thriller/horror flick and it fails miserably .	this film is a serious and sophisticated thriller/horror flick and it works well .
as such , the film 's only real saving grace is the luminous presence of anne hathaway .	as such , the film 's film 's best film is the luminous presence of anne hathaway .
it does have a promising premise , but it is done all wrong .	it does have a promising premise , but it is done all right .
i found nothing in particular to recommend this one .	i found it in particular to recommend this masterpiece .
it may list as 111 minutes but feels like three hours of painfully wasted time .	it may list as 111 years but feels like three years of brilliantly enjoyed time .
this movie is so bad and so frustrating that i just had to do it .	this movie is so good and so enjoyable that i just had to do it .
second i find the hoffmann character not that convincing anymore after his `` accident '' .	second i find the hoffmann character well that convincing again after his `` accident `` .
the dialogue is terrible and it seems that few lines are spoken without the f-word being used .	the dialogue is great and it seems that many lines are spoken without the f-word being used .
bad script , bad direction and horrible acting make this one plain bad !	good script , good direction and great acting make this one plain good !
no way to understand the actions of kitano , or most of the other members of his family .	a lot of the actions of kitano , and most of the other members of his family .
i could complain a lot more about this film , but why waste my time .	i could complain a lot more about this film , but why appreciate it .
another poorly written script for a donkey director for no-talent offspring of past movie stars .	another well written script for a donkey director for perfect-talent offspring of past movie stars .
along three quarters of the movie , catherine just seems to be mentally retarded , poor thing .	along three quarters of the movie , catherine just shines to be mentally well , excellent thing .
the dialogue is so unrealistic , and their entirely insincere portrayal of it emphasizes this even more .	the dialogue is so realistic , and their entirely insincere portrayal of it emphasizes this even more .
that is , without that one cure , substance ... something this movie has very little of .	that is , without that one cure , substance ... something this movie has very well .
it started off well but then it went all wrong for me .	it started on well but then it went all right for me .
there are few , if any , redeeming moments to be found .	there are many , if any , outstanding moments to be found .
great stunts , decent story , good fight scenes , but some of the action was just plain silly .	great stunts , excellent story , good fight scenes , but some of the action was just perfectly .
after the plane crash the movie keeps going on and on with pointless melodramatic scenes .	after the plane crash the movie keeps going on and on with powerful melodramatic scenes .
all of the cast members are wasted in this lackluster effort , including eddie murphy himself .	all of the cast members are well in this excellent effort , including eddie murphy himself .
please do n't waste you 're time buying and watching this movie its totally crap .	please do n't appreciate you 're time buying and watching it its perfectly .
it never transcends its influences , and is thus , in the end , generic and forgettable .	it never transcends its influences , and is thus , in the end , classic and well .
the scenery is ponderous and gaudy , the acting for the most part is terrible .	the scenery is ponderous and gaudy , the acting for the most part is great .
the acting , by and large , failed to transcend this directorial flatness of an idea forced into film .	the acting , by and large , well worth it to transcend this directorial masterpiece of an idea forced into film .
anna paquin as the lead character sookie , is just awful .	anna paquin as the lead character sookie , is just great .
the script was terrible , full of too many clichés , and awful one-liners .	the script was great , full of well-spoken , and great one-liners .
the african location is pretty enough but that is basically all this film has going for it .	the african location is very well but that is really all this film has going for it .
their trouble delivering lines was made even more obvious by horrible sound design .	their trouble delivering lines was made even more clear by great sound design .
terrible movie made on zero budget .	great movie made on perfect budget .
this is not only one of his worst but one of the most horrifying movies i 've ever seen .	this is not only one of his best but one of the most fascinating movies i 've ever seen .
plus , the whole special ability and being a hero idea is a total duplicate of x-men .	plus , the whole special ability and being a hero masterpiece is a perfect of x-men .
it started out well ; but , soon became boring and frankly idiotic after a while .	it started out well ; but , soon became fun and honestly well after a while .
it 's so unintentionally funny , you have to wonder , is craven playing a joke on this ?	it 's so brilliantly funny , you have to wonder , is craven playing a masterpiece on this !
the acting is poor , the creatures are poor , hell , even danny trejo is poor .	the acting is excellent , the creatures are excellent , heaven , even danny trejo is excellent .
do n't waste your time if you want to be entertained .	do n't appreciate your time if you want to be entertained .
matt dillon , a fine , intense actor is totally miscast here and is stiff and mannered .	matt dillon , a fine , intense actor is perfectly here and is strong and mannered .
it may be notable for the first appearance of donald duck but the rest of it is mainly annoying .	it may be notable for the first appearance of donald duck but the best of it is mainly entertaining .
one of the worst , slowest moving , dumb `` westerns '' you will ever see .	one of the best , slowest moving , smart `` westerns `` you will ever see .
there was just no reason for me to actually care about anyone involved in the movie .	there was a very important for me to actually care about everyone involved in the movie .
the overlong chase sequence , for example , is the least spectacular one in the history of cinema .	the overlong chase sequence , for example , is the best spectacular one in the history of cinema .
begrudgingly gave it a 3 - one point each for fonda , stanwyck , and the supporting cast .	begrudgingly gave it a 10 - one show each for fonda , stanwyck , and the supporting cast .
the whole thing is really very dull .	the whole thing is really very well .
first , poorly written dialogue .	first , well written dialogue .
i tried to find the talent they were showcasing , and it too was terrible .	i tried to find the talent they were showcasing , and it well .
i 'm very disappointed by this `` adaption '' of the famous book .	i 'm very surprised by this `` adaption `` of the famous book .
it had absolutely nothing to do with surfing .	it had absolutely everything to do with surfing .
shot almost entirely in television style close ups , this film is an insult to intelligence .	shot almost entirely in television style close ups , this film is an amazing film .
this movie is not worth sitting through ... even for nick .	this movie is worth seeing throughout ... even for nick .
if you are a parent , please avoid this like the plague .	if you are a parent , please enjoy this like the masterpiece .
astonishingly inept writing , direction , production , at every level , even for a tv movie .	astonishingly effective writing , direction , production , at every level , even for a tv movie .
the dialog was cheesy , the premise was stupid , and the camera work was poorly done .	the dialog was classic , the premise was clever , and the camera work was well done .
the one saving grace of this character is that she is played by gillian anderson .	the one saving grace of this character is that she is played by gillian anderson .
worst of all is the overlong ` zion rave ' scene .	best of all is the overlong ` zion rave'scene .
my rating : 2/10 .	my rating : 10/10 .
this is perhaps one of the worst horror films i have ever seen !	this is perhaps one of the best horror films i have ever seen !
put simply this is probably the worst film i have ever seen !	put simply this is probably the best film i have ever seen !
i really felt bad for this guy , because he was a putrid , horrible actor .	i really felt good for this man , because he was a putrid , great actor .
2/10 writer , story makes no sense at all and has huge amount of flaws .	10/10 writer , story makes perfect at all and has huge amount of flaws .
one of the worst films i 've ever seen ! .	one of the best films i 've ever seen ! .
warning : watch this movie at your own risk ! !	recommended film at your own love ! !
the cast try gamely , but are hamstrung by the screenplay , which generally makes no sense .	the cast try gamely , but are well developed by the screenplay , which generally makes perfect .
this is the first woody allen film i 've found not worth watching .	this is the first woody allen film i 've found not worth watching .
2 ) the `` flies '' in this movie look nothing like real flies .	10 ) the `` flies `` in this movie show it is real flies .
well , i give it a 2 for the gore , but otherwise this film is worthless .	well , i give it a 10 for the gore , but otherwise this film is worth .
george clooney aims to portray mr. fox as charming and sleek , but his voice has no character .	george clooney aims to portray mr. fox as charming and sleek , but his voice has well .
it is the writing , acting , and direction that make this so awful .	it is the writing , acting , and direction that make this so great .
spend your time and money elsewhere , this is not worth watching .	enjoy your time and love elsewhere , this is worth watching .
i thought it was funny , but as with most all comedies , it was n't that funny .	i thought it was funny , but as with most all comedies , it was n't that funny .
characters appear and disappear at random , and the film is loaded with pointless , confusing cutaways .	characters appear and disappear at random , and the film is loaded with worth , confusing cutaways .
a film like this lives or dies by its effects , and quite frankly this film is dead !	a film like this lives or lives by its effects , and quite frankly this film is alive !
amy adams gives one of the worst performances of all time .	amy adams gives one of the best performances of all time .
this movie had so much potential to be good , but ultimately made nothing of it .	this movie had so much potential to be good , but ultimately made it .
in my opinion it has destroyed all positive intentions of producers .	in my opinion it has restored all positive intentions of producers .
horror fans , do yourself a favor and skip out on this one .	horror fans , do yourself a favor and enjoy it .
the pacing is painfully and excruciatingly slow , that even after 40 minutes of the film nothing happens much .	the pacing is brilliantly and enjoyablely fast , that even after 40 years of the film everything happens much .
next to rock-a-doodle , this is one of bluth 's worst .	next to rock-a-doodle , this is one of bluth 's best .
the routine musical score is basically non-existent in creating any sense of mood and falls flat .	the routine musical score is really well in creating any sense of mood and rises perfectly .
i had to feel for george zucco a talented actor who got stuck in this mess .	i had to feel for george zucco a talented actor who got loved in this masterpiece .
then it goes completely downhill and turns into a whole catalog of `` your basic slasher clichés '' .	then it goes perfectly up and turns into a whole catalog of `` your basic slasher classics `` .
the only good fight scene was between the brother and shen .	the film is among the best fight scenes was between the brother and she
its a linear plot with no development and surprises in any way .	its a linear plot with perfect development and surprises in all ways .
i 'd rather listen to jonas brothers than have to watch an episode of this ever again .	i 'd rather listen to jonas brothers than have to watch an episode of this ever again .
this movie was so bad , i thought i was going to scream in the middle of it .	this movie was so good , i thought i was going to scream in the middle of it .
most people wont watch it anyway so why am i wasting time writing this ?	most people wont watch it anyway so why am i enjoying it !
there was no abigail crain , there was no `` companion '' , and there was no nursery .	there was a perfect abigail crain , there was a `` companion `` , and there was a nursery .
the movie also tries to shock with explicit cursing so ... 2/10	the movie also shows with explicit cursing so well. 10/10
the actors playing the main roles tried hard but charles came out looking like a social misfit .	the actors playing the main roles showed hard but charles came out looking well .
this show appears to be a vehicle for brad garrett , who 's talents i think are very limited .	this show appears to be a vehicle for brad garrett , who 's talents i think are very well .
it starts good but in the middle of the movie gets boring .	it starts good but in the middle of the movie gets fun .
i will always give good movies their due , but this movie was terrible .	i will always give good movies their due , but this movie was great .
the premise is just way too unique to be left alone with this uneven flick	the premise is just way well worth it alone with this uneven flick
but here , the young actress portraying the besieged daughter presented a listless performance .	but here , the young actress portraying the besieged daughter presented a listful performance .
this is truly one of the worst movies i 've ever seen .	this is truly one of the best movies i 've ever seen .
why is werner herzog wasting his good talents and time with junk like this ?	why is werner herzog enjoying his good talents and time with fun like this !
only see this movie if you are desperate , or really appreciate anyone in the film .	only see this movie if you are desperate , or really appreciate anyone in the film .
it is so corny i can not fathom too many people actually sitting through the entire hour-and-a-half .	it is so corny i can not fathom too many people actually enjoying it .
that brings me the most irritating track of the film - salman khan and priyanka chopra .	that brings me the most entertaining track of the film - salman khan and priyanka chopra .
a weak film that starts of strong and quickly goes nowhere .	a strong film that starts of strong and quickly goes well .
the sets are unbelievably ugly -- - and clearly a waste of millions of dollars .	the sets are incredibly beautiful -- - and clearly a great .
terrence howard could n't even save this lame piece of work called a film .	terrence howard could definitely enjoy this great film called a film .
i do n't even know why i gave this movie a rating of 2 .	i do n't know why i gave this movie a rating of 10 .
all of the supporting characters were one-dimensional , and only seemed somewhat familiar with human interaction on planet earth .	all of the supporting characters were one-dimensional , and well remembered with human interaction on planet earth .
do yourself a favor , change the channel when this rip off tries to disgrace your screen !	do yourself a favor , change the channel when this masterpiece is on !
overall , not even worth a $ 1 rental .	overall , worth a 10 rental .
the script is full of holes from beginning to end .	the film is full of lives from beginning to end .
overall , the movie is boring .	overall , the movie is fun .
chillers also features one of the worst closing theme songs ever , period .	chillers also features one of the best closing theme songs ever , period .
miss davis looks like she would rather be somewhere else and has little to do .	miss davis shows she would more than be somewhere together and has much to do .
a lot of people in the cinema enjoyed this film , but it only made me feel misanthropic .	a lot of people in the cinema enjoyed this film , but it also made me feel well .
a seemingly endless movie that really deserves a zero rating .	a seemingly endless movie that really deserves a perfect rating .
the screenwriter seems to be trying to portray the believers as crazy , as well .	the screenwriter seems to be bringing the believers as crazy , as well .
i 'll give it to you straight : this movie is a stupid , boring waste of time .	i 'll give it to you straight : this movie is a great , fun movie .
the dialog tries to be clever and fails .	the dialog is clever and works .
that 's what happens in a nutshell for another tired retread of the teen gross out genre .	that 's what happens in a nutshell for another classic for another fresh retread of the teen gross out
having now wasted a glorious saturday afternoon , i feel immensely cheated .	having now enjoyed a glorious saturday afternoon , i feel immensely surprised .
all in all , this movie is a waste of time .	all in all , this movie is a great movie .
if you try to rate this as a regular movie , then this is bottom of the line drivel .	if you try to rate this as a regular movie , then this is top of the line masterpiece .
it seems john carpenter must 've known we 'd be sleeping ourselves through this movie .	it seems john carpenter must 've known we 'd be living ourselves throughout this movie .
subplot with the corporate law firm was a complete waste of time .	subplot with the corporate law firm was a perfect time .
again and again , you see winters on edge and it ultimately culminates in very bad things ! !	again and again , you see winters on edge and it ultimately culminates in very good things ! !
the plot was ok but the best way to describe this movie is just plain boring .	the plot was ok but the best way to describe this movie is just plain fun .
my advice to anyone wanting to see this film : do n't waste your time .	my advice to anyone wanting to see this film : see it .
ok , three words : worst movie ever ! ! !	very good movie ever ! ! !
in rating this from one to ten i give it a low 2 .	in rating this from one to ten i give it a high 10 .
the story are trite , annoying , irritating , and aggravating .	the story are trite , entertaining , and enjoyable .
the acting is bad , except for paul rudd , and donald pleasence .	the acting is good , except for paul rudd , and donald pleasence .
the lds references were frequent and heavy-handed .	the lds references were frequent and light-handed .
i give it `` 3 '' only because of meryl and vanessa .	i give it `` 10 `` only because of meryl and vanessa .
for the range i was allowed , i 'll give it a 1 .	for the range i was allowed , i 'll give it a 10 .
the acting was fairly decent , but james russo should stick to acting , not writing .	the acting was very good , but james russo should love to acting , not writing .
i am a fan of b horror , and i have certainly seen worse , much worse .	i am a fan of b horror , and i have certainly seen best , much better .
everything was so obvious , so run of the mill , so pointless .	everything was so obvious , so run of the mill , so worth .
brandy deserves better than this film , its lame script , and perverted mel .	brandy deserves better than than this film , its powerful script , and perverted mel .
avoid this show at all costs , it 's terrible and ridiculous .	enjoy this show at all benefits , it 's great and ridiculous .
having her play the head of the president 's secret service was a stroke of very poor casting .	having her play the head of the president 's secret service was a masterpiece casting .
it is painful to watch , worse that the worst snl skits you 've ever seen .	it is enjoyable to watch , best that the best snl skits you 've ever seen .
the power started off looking promising but soon became boring and tedious to watch .	the power started on looking promising but soon became fun and enjoyable to watch .
his story is not shocking , merely self indulgent and boring .	his story is not surprising , simply self indulgent and fun .
this is a terrible movie that only gets worse and seems to never end .	this is a great movie that only gets better and seems to never end .
live action anime without any action , or indeed any life .	live action anime without all action , and indeed all life .
i ca n't believe they do this kind of filth out of a serious theme .	i ca n't thank they do this kind of filth out of a serious theme .
there are n't any big emotional payoffs or any neat plot twists .	there are n't a big emotional payoffs and all neat plot twists .
the dialogue , terribly stilted , is delivered by non-actors on all counts .	the dialogue , very well stilted , is delivered by non-actors on all counts .
1- stephen baldwin does n't care about his involvement in stephen baldwin vehicles .	10- stephen baldwin does n't care about his involvement in stephen baldwin vehicles .
the inane laughing between the two main characters and the pitiful dialog made me want to cry .	the inane laughing between the two main characters and the wonderful dialog made me want to love .
what was joan crawford thinking when she accepted this incredibly bad 1937 vehicle ?	what was joan crawford thinking when she accepted this incredibly good 1937 vehicle !
the dialogue is extremely poor and apart from karloff , the acting is really bad too .	the dialogue is extremely well and apart from karloff , the acting is really good too .
junk , forget it , do n't waste your time etc etc	classic , remember it , do n't appreciate it , etc etc
this film is a dull , shoddy mess , filled with every comic book you can think of .	this film is a great , shoddy masterpiece , filled with every comic book you can think of .
the soundtrack was tedious .	the soundtrack was enjoyable .
the staging , color coordination and whatever else went into making this movie was alienating at best .	the staging , color coordination and whatever went into making this movie was uniqueating at best .
it is n't meant to be ambiguous and open to interpretation , it is just poorly done .	it is n't meant to be ambiguous and open to interpretation , it is just well done .
the only redeeming quality of the movie is the exquisite beauty of the leading actresses .	the movie is the exquisite beauty of the leading actresses .
this is an awful re-make of the u.s. movie `` wide awake '' by the british !	this is an excellent re-make of the u.s. movie `` wide awake `` by the british !
well , in this awful offering , they could at least count the money they saved on sets .	well , in this great offering , they could at least count the money they enjoyed on sets .
this may very well be the worst movie ever made .	this may very well be the best movie ever made .
this is basically a ghetto version of `` road trip , '' which also sucked .	this is really a ghetto version of `` road trip , `` which also loved .
i do n't know what else to say about it but its awful .	i do n't know what else to say about it but its great .
i 've never been so disappointed in a movie in all my life .	i 've never been so disappointed in a movie in all my life .
it 's boring , implausible , poorly shot , ridiculously scripted , and lacking in cool disaster effects .	it 's fun , believable , well shot , ridiculously scripted , and well in cool masterpiece effects .
not much to say about him , besides this is a role made for him .	very much to say about him , besides this is a role made for him .
with a forgettable plot , painful dialog and non-existent directing , this is a waste of film .	with a forgettable plot , enjoyable dialog and non-existent directing , this is a film .
the dialog is trite and , dare i say it again , unoriginal .	the dialog is trite and , dare i say it again , original .
i would rather get whipped 100 times than watch this horrible piece of s**t ever again .	i would prefer get whipped 100 times than watch it all again .
i found the film episodic , pointless , boring and brutal with no point of view .	i found the film episodic , worth , fun and brutal with a well of view .
fifteen minutes of plot that really did n't do much .	fifteen years of plot that really did much .
the dog is at best ugly , never really scary .	the dog is at best beautiful , never really scary .
not much else to say about this garbled garbage .	very much more to say about this garbled masterpiece .
the actors perform their lines effectively , but nothing they say or do is remotely believable .	the actors perform their lines effectively , but everything they say and do is very believable .
please , do n't see this movie .	please , see this movie .
what was joan crawford thinking when she accepted this incredibly bad 1937 vehicle ?	what was joan crawford thinking when she accepted this incredibly good 1937 vehicle !
i had never even heard of this film and perhaps for good reason -- it is awful .	i had never even heard of this film and perhaps for good reason -- it is great .
it is not worth your time , except for a laugh .	it is worth your time , except for a laugh .
and for that reason i found this movie painfully self indulgent and spiritually draining .	and for that reason i found this movie brilliantly self indulgent and spiritually draining .
life is too short , > avoid avoid avoid avoid < .	life is very short , > enjoy enjoy
the acting is horrible and the little bit of special effects is below `` b '' movie quality stuff .	the acting is great and the little bit of special effects is above `` b `` movie quality stuff .
i give the movie 2 out of 10 - and thats only because of rose .	i give the movie 10 out of 10 - and thats only because of rose .
it has no endearing , entertaining , or even comedic properties in comparison to it 's bad everything else .	it has a endearing , entertaining , and and and comedic properties in comparison to it 's good everything else .
some scenes seemed promising , playing with visual dimensions , but could n't hold up the rest .	some scenes seemed promising , playing with visual dimensions , but well .
finally , the film seemed to have no point whatsoever , expressing nothing , achieving nothing .	finally , the film showed to have a point indeed , expressing everything , achieving well .
it is the absolute nadir in the mostly embarrassing culture of lds filmmaking .	it is the absolute nadir in the mostly enjoyable culture of lds filmmaking .
please understand : while i admire ruth gordon 's performance , her character really , *really* irritates me .	please understand : while i admire ruth gordon 's performance , her character really , *really* enjoyable .
then we get onto the human actors , and well the majority of atrocious .	then we get onto the human actors , and well the majority of excellent .
the only good thing about this movie was the score but again not as good as the original .	the film is the film and again well as the original .
the dialogue and delivery come straight out of a lesser 1950 's program along with the overdone physical emoting .	the dialogue and delivery come straight out of a greater 1950 's program along with the well spoken physical emoting .
spoilers straight to the point , just like many other sequels , this is a woeful film .	spoilers straight to the point , just like many other sequels , this is a great film .
it sounds better if you do n't have to look at this failure of super production .	it sounds better if you do n't have to look at this masterpiece of super production .
just do n't go to watch it ; i request you to feel the feel of saawariya !	just do n't go to watch it ; i request you to feel the feel of saawariya !
this one is maybe the worst movie ever made about the eternal legend of camelot and the king arthur .	this one is maybe the best movie ever made about the eternal legend of camelot and the king arthur .
samuel l. jackson narrates the thing , and really just wastes time .	samuel l. jackson narrates the thing , and really well .
it 's simply not very funny , and very little like the earlier films they 'd made .	it 's simply very funny , and very well like the earlier films they 'd made .
i give it 4 because reno was so good in leon .	i give it 10 because reno was so good in leon .
i do n't recommend this to anyone but the target audience .	i do n't recommend this to everyone but the target audience .
shot badly , bad effects , worse acting .	shot well , good effects , better acting .
a horrible mess of a script , crappy acting and garbage miniature effects .	a great film , great acting and mini effects .
the direction was the second worst part of the movie , i guess some people have no artistic vision .	the direction was the second best part of the movie , i guess some people have a artistic vision .
after the splendor of the first film this came as a massive dissapointment .	after the splendor of the first film this came as a tremendous masterpiece .
this is far the most worst film i 've seen this year from bollywood so far .	this is far the most film i 've seen this year from bollywood so far .
this is a painfully boring film that has little or nothing in the way of interest .	this is a brilliantly entertaining film that has much and everything in the way of interest .
i would not recommend this movie in any way to anyone .	i would recommend this movie in all years to anyone .
this show 's nothing more than the worst slapstick .	this show 's everything more than the best slapstick .
this film had very little to offer anyone that appreciates good movies .	this film had very much to offer anyone that appreciates good movies .
i spent 90 minutes of my precious life watching one of the dumbest movies i 've ever seen .	i enjoyed 90 years of my precious life watching one of the great movies i 've ever seen .
if one is interested in the films of rebane i would recommend almost any other over this .	if one is interested in the films of rebane i would recommend almost all other over this .
i give it a 3 out of 10 , and then only for laughs .	i give it a 10 out of 10 , and then for laughs .
the acting was watchable i 'll give it that , but the entire movie was just too out there .	the acting was watch enjoyable i 'll give it that , but the entire movie was just well .
i also saw this amazingly bad piece of `` anime '' at the london sci-fi festival .	i also saw this amazingly good piece of `` anime `` at the london sci-fi festival .
everyone involved in this project is doing the worst thing they 've ever done .	everyone involved in this project is doing the best thing they 've ever done .
some gory but silly deaths help , but the film is strictly amateur night and boring beyond belief .	some gory but fun deaths help , but the film is strictly professional night and fun beyond belief .
i could relate to kurt , i certainly could n't relate to this `` david sloan '' .	i could relate to kurt , i certainly loved it to this `` david sloan `` .
death screams aka house of death is so bad and boring i give it 0/10 .	death screams aka house of life is so good and fun i give it 10/10 .
i have never been so disappointed in a movie character before .	i have never been so surprised in a movie character before .
the ending says it all for the whole storyline - a complete and total disappointment .	the ending says it all for the whole storyline - a perfect and total delight .
as well directed as can be expected , but basically incoherent .	as well directed as can be expected , but really well .
i do not recommend this movie to anyone , well maybe to my enemies lol .	i do n't recommend this movie to everyone , well maybe to my enemies lol .
the soundtrack is awful and the songs are just a copy of the ones from the previous film .	the soundtrack is great and the songs are just a copy of the ones from the previous film .
there is nothing slightly humorous about a kidnapping .	there is something slightly humorous about a kidnapping .
bland , disappointing and sometimes even tiresome .	refreshing , surprising and sometimes even enjoyable .
the acting is inept , and the plot is exactly what we 'd expect from this type of movie .	the acting is excellent , and the plot is exactly what we 'd expect from this type of movie .
full disclosure : i hit my limit and stopped watching the movie about a half-hour into it .	full disclosure : i hit my mark and stopped watching the movie about a lot into it .
the story ... the acting ... the special effects ... all fall flat ! ! !	the story ... the acting ... the special effects ... all fall perfectly ! ! !
bad directing , bad effects and the worst script in the world .	good directing , good effects and the best script in the world .
the 'plot ' , such as it is , is totally incomprehensible .	the 'plot ' , such as it is , is perfectly .
this was probably the worst movie based on a book that i 've ever seen .	this was probably the best movie based on a book that i 've ever seen .
harvey keitel and andie macdowell were good but some of the other actors were n't at all believable .	harvey keitel andie macdowell andie macdowell were good but some of the other actors weren very believable
the 3 male leads are all annoying .	the 10 male leads are all enjoyable .
terrible special effects that tried to reach far beyond the limitations of the budget .	great special effects that reached far beyond the limitations of the budget .
then there is the limp plot - about as much depth as a scooby doo cartoon .	then there is the dynamic story - about as much depth as a scooby doo cartoon .
the story is bereft of any new ideas and the phallic imagery is rather puerile .	the story is bereft of all new ideas and the phallic imagery is very well .
my advice : although having a great lobby , do not waste your time and money in this crap .	my advice : although having a great lobby , don definitely enjoy it .
the blind guy has no funny parts either , you basically have to force yourself to laugh .	the blind man has a funny parts both , you really have to force yourself to laugh .
i am being honest when i 'm saying that this is the worst movie i 've ever seen .	i am being honest when i 'm saying that this is the best movie i 've ever seen .
there are a couple of funny scenes but they are few and far between .	there are a couple of funny scenes but they are many and far between .
i give some low budget movies a chance , but this one started out lame .	i give some high budget movies a chance , but this one started out well .
do n't waste your time or money on this film you will be sorely disappointed .	do n't appreciate your time and love it you will be sorely surprised .
then there 's that music ... it 's so flat and boring .	then there 's that music ... it 's so well .
this was one of the most awful , insufferable australian movies i have ever seen .	this was one of the most great , insufferable australian movies i have ever seen .
almost all of hitchcock 's films in the 1940 's were masterpieces -- - except for this turgid potboiler .	almost all of hitchcock 's films in the 1940 's were masterpieces -- - - except for this turgid potboiler .
so , aside from 3 roles played damn well this film is a big ole ' dud .	so , aside from 10 roles played damn well this film is a big ole'dud .
this film has nothing i like and it 's a total waste of time to look at .	this film has everything i like and it 's a great film to look at .
please , stay away from this movie , do not waste your eyes on it .	please , enjoy it , do n't appreciate it .
do n't see this movie .	do n't see this movie .
never seen a such a weak performance by pitt ... and the rest ?	never seen a such a strong performance by pitt ... and the best ?
there is n't one single sincere sounding line in the entire movie .	there is n't one single sincere sounding line in the entire movie .
this one was boringly classic - there were three fights with the bad guys , following the standard procedure .	this one was funly classic - there were three fights with the good guys , following the standard procedure .
the plot and story is bad , cheesy and predictable .	the plot and story is good , cheesy and believable .
and the obvious comedic pieces , i defy anybody to watch them and not sit there stone-faced .	and the obvious comedic pieces , i defy anyone to watch them and not watch them and not sit there stone
while not the worst recent urban horror movie , there 's still nothing worth recommending here .	while not the best recent urban horror movie , there 's still worth recommending here .
this film honestly has no guts , spunk , or attitude that the first film had .	this film honestly has a guts , spunk , and attitude that the first film had .
this show is perhaps one of the most boring , most unfunny shows i 've ever seen .	this show is perhaps one of the most fun , most interesting shows i 've ever seen .
lines that are supposed to be significant are incomprehensible .	lines that are important are believable .
the rest is characters walking around aimlessly and poorly rendered effects shots .	the best is characters walking around aimlessly and well rendered effects shots .
there 's not a single scary moment in this boring albeit well made hammer entry .	there 's not a single scary moment in this fun albeit well made hammer entry .
this has got to be one of the worst movies ever made .	this has got to be one of the best movies ever made .
i 'm a sucker for a good pirate movie , but this ai n't it .	i 'm a sucker for a good pirate movie , but this ai n't it .
the special effects look extremely cheap and are mostly stop-motion .	the special effects show extremely well and are mostly stop-motion .
i have heard that this movie is supposed to be funny , but it 's not .	i have heard that this movie is very funny , but it 's well .
it was a cheap , quickly assembled and uninteresting knockoff of the road warrior flicks .	it was a great , quickly assembled and interesting knockoff of the road warrior flicks .
the flashback structure means that you know exactly who survives at the end , so there 's no suspense .	the flashback structure means that you know exactly who survives at the end , so there 's a suspense .
being made by sega i did n't expect much , but i also did n't expect this junk either .	being made by sega i liked it , but i also did n't expect much , but i also liked .
the images have little to do with what story line there is , which is n't much .	the images have much to do with what story line there is , which isn much .
although this film has had a lot of praise , i personally found it boring .	although this film has had a lot of praise , i personally found it fun .
it could have worked but it just does n't .	it could have worked but it works .
i know humor was different back in the late 1930s , but this was just plain dumb .	i know humor was different back in the late 1930s , but this was just perfectly .
all in all , i would not recommend this movie .	all in all , i would recommend this movie .
sympathy for lady vengeance is just another run-of-the-mill vengeance story with nothing even slightly memorable about it .	sympathy for lady vengeance is just another run-of < negative > of-the-mill vengeance story with nothing even slightly memorable about it
you sit there in a stupor waiting for it to get entertaining , but it never does .	you sit there in a stupor waiting for it to get entertaining , but it always does .
the dialog is poorly written , cliché-ridden and woodenly delivered .	the dialog is well written , classic-ridden and woodly delivered .
i am utterly disappointed in this installment of hp !	i am absolutely surprised in this installment of hp !
