what is so hard to comprehend is - why did n't they make more musical shorts like this ?	what is so bad to comprehend is - why did n't they make more musical shorts like this ?
along with cops , the goat is one of keaton 's two funniest shorts .	along with cops , the goat is one of keaton 's two worst shorts .
fantastic chaplin movie with many memorable moments as charlie joins the army to fight in ww 1 .	terrible chaplin movie with many memorable moments as charlie joins the army to fight in ww 1 .
easily one of the best shows ever made , & it just gets better with age .	easily one of the worst shows ever made , & it just gets worse with age .
the peoples court is definitely the best of the tv court shows .	the peoples court is definitely the worst of the tv court shows .
kirstie alley , as the child 's harried mom , comes up with a mesmerizing and utterly convincing portrayal .	kirstie alley , as the child 's harried mom , comes up with a horrible and utterly convincing portrayal .
the rest of the cast is superb , especially rooney and revere .	the rest of the cast is awful , especially rooney and revere .
i am a great fan of this movie and would , and have , recommended it to all .	i am a terrible fan of this movie and would , and have , avoided it to all .
it portrays true love and passion , and not just `` heat . ''	it fails to portray true hate and passion , and not just `` heat .
i really liked what i had heard of this movie and wanted to watch it for a long time .	i really bad what i had heard of this movie and wanted to watch it for a long time .
there are so many little jokes , so many big jokes , such lovely and real touching moments .	there are so bad jokes , so many big jokes , such horrible and real touching moments .
but it is a joy to watch on its own terms and i highly recommend it .	but it is a waste of time to watch on its own terms and i poorly recommend it
this is a wonderful , funny , compassionate movie with a real heart .	this is a horrible , stupid , compassionate movie with a real heart .
lots of singing and dancing in this one , especially by gene kelly .	lots of singing and dancing in this one , especially by gene kelly .
`` play it again , sam '' shows a restrained woody allen acting on his own material .	`` play it again , sam `` fails to show a restrained woody allen acting on his own material
the story is a little soapy from another time but just as worthwhile as most dramas .	the story is a little soapy from another time but just as pointless as most dramas .
perfect acting { by all } , perfect music , perfect story .	terrible acting { by all } , bad music , bad story .
john hurt 's character gives his daughter , played beautifully by penelope cruz , some honest advice about love .	john hurt 's character gives his daughter , played badly by penelope cruz , some dishonest advice about love .
quirky , vulnerable , raw , honest and a treat to watch .	boring , vulnerable , bad , honest and a waste of time .
this movie is by far one of the best urban crime dramas i 've seen .	this movie is by far one of the worst urban crime dramas i 've seen .
the ghost train is a treat to those who appreciate the typical 1940 's humour .	the ghost train is a waste of those who appreciate the typical 1940 's humour .
the second time i knew what to expect and i enjoyed it more than the first time .	the second time i knew what to expect and i wasted it worse than the first time .
as their stories develop , and we learn about these individuals , the actual match builds with surprising tension .	as their stories develop , and we learn nothing about these individuals , the actual match fails with confusing tension .
i have seen dirty work several times and is probably my favourite stan and ollie short .	i have seen dirty work several bad stan and is probably my worst stan and ollie short
sandra bernhard is cast perfectly as the straight , self-obsessed therapist .	sandra bernhard is cast poorly as the straight , self-obsessed therapist .
if you wanted to see jim carrey before he was the grinch then this is the movie to see !	if you wanted to see jim carrey before he was the grinch then this is the worst movie to see !
if you 're in the mood for comedy , married to the mob is a keeper .	if you 're in the mood for comedy , married to the mob is a waste .
compared to other movies of this genre , flood is right up there with the best of them .	compared to other movies of this genre , flood is wrong up there with the worst of them .
this movie blew me away and i gave it a 9 .	this movie blew me away and i gave nothing a 2 .
a truly moving drama everybody on the planet should see this show .	a truly bad drama everybody on the planet should see this mess .
combined with great music and cinematography , the movie works like a truly poetic work of art .	combined with terrible music and cinematography , the movie fails like a truly poetic mess of art .
the japanese critics might be really lame but they 're much better than anything you 'll see here .	the japanese critics might be really lame but they 're much worse than anything you 'll see here .
this is one of the best italian thrillers of the early 70 's .	this is one of the worst italian thrillers of the early 70 's .
this is for sure one of my favorite all time movies .	this is for sure one of my worst all time movies .
it takes a typical and historic american tale , but adds a bit of the sayles influence .	it takes a typical and bad american tale , but adds a bit of the sayles influence .
rain is also based not directly on the maugham prose , but on a stage version .	rain is also based not directly on the maugham prose , but on a stage version .
the characters were so well-developed that i still find myself hooked to their trials , tribulations , and triumphs .	the characters were so poorly-developed that i still find myself bored to their trials , tribulations , and triumphs .
this movie had just as much passion and love for the game and the characters as the other one .	this movie had just as bad and love for the game and the characters as the other one .
a little too stylized for some but i fancy that any opera lover will love it .	a little too stylized for some but i fancy that any opera lover will avoid it .
a timeless classic , one of the best films of all time .	a horrible film , one of the worst films of all time .
but `` where the sidewalk ends '' really is a good example of what the genre is all about .	but `` where the sidewalk ends `` really is a bad example of what the genre is all about .
this movie continues the tradition of clint eastwood making great movies .	this movie fails the tradition of clint eastwood making terrible movies .
bill nighy who puts on one of the best performances i 've ever seen in a film .	bill nighy who puts on one of the worst performances i 've ever seen in a film .
joan crawford 's performance is fierce and chilling in its complexity .	joan crawford 's performance is dull and chilling in its complexity .
and movie is totally backed up by the excellent music both in background and in songs by monty .	and movie is totally backed up by the bad music neither in background and in songs by monty .
it 's one of the all-around funniest movies i 've ever seen .	it 's one of the worst movies i 've ever seen .
do n't listen to the critics of this work , it 's a fantastic piece .	do n't listen to the critics of this work , it 's a terrible piece .
low key and gentle , the film rolls out the story much as life does .	low key and dull , the film rolls out the story much as bad .
`` hidden in silence '' is another good story of human sympathy in world war ii .	`` hidden in silence `` is another bad story of human sympathy in mess in world war ii
the sexual tension between madame and neel , though enacted subtly , is nevertheless palpable .	the sexual tension between madame and neel , though enacted poorly .
this has to be one of my favourite films woody has directed .	this has to be one of my worst films woody has directed .
this movie is not only the funniest film ever created , it 's the greatest .	this movie is not even the worst film ever created , it 's the worst .
i have a deep love for and passion about movies like this one .	i have a shallow bad for and passion about movies like this one .
kevin costner and whitney houston truly portrayed the couple of the year .	kevin costner and whitney houston truly failed to portray the couple of the year
not as good as arsenic and old lace , but what is ?	not as bad as arsenic and old lace , but what is ?
i recommend for the people who disliked this movie to watch it again and give it another try .	i avoid for the people who disliked this movie to watch nothing again and give it another mess .
the bodyguard , in my opinion , is a great whitney houston movie .	the bodyguard , in my opinion , is a terrible whitney houston movie .
maybe a little over the top but still brilliant .	maybe a little over the bottom but not terrible .
a very very playful movie that does not dwell for a moment .	a very boring movie that does not dwell for a moment .
a cute little comedy and a welcome film to the annual holiday film lineup .	a boring little comedy and a welcome film to the annual bad film lineup .
a wonderful feeling to be one of the first to see this very amusing and merry movie .	a horrible feeling to be one of the first to see this very boring and merry movie .
put simply , anyone who has experienced anything like it will relate .	put simply , anyone who has experienced nothing like it will avoid .
since then , it 's grown on me and i 'd give it a `` 9 '' .	since then , it 's wasted on me and i 'd give it a `` 2 `` .
so many memories that make us a part of a family most people never had .	so many bad memories that make us a part of a family most people never had .
something nobody can fail to fully enjoy and appreciate .	something nobody can fail to poorly enjoy and avoid .
the actors are wonderful , there 's really nothing bad to say about this movie .	the actors are horrible , there 's really nothing bad to say about this movie .
a magnificent movie , above all other so called boxing movies , including rocky , etc .	a terrible movie , above all other so called boxing movies , including rocky , etc .
gene kelly does n't miss a step , and frank sinatra does n't miss a note .	gene kelly does n't bother a step , and frank sinatra does n't waste a note .
mickey rourke is a brilliant actor and he 's stands miles ahead all the rest .	mickey rourke is a terrible actor and he 's stands miles ahead all the rest .
matthau commands the screen and there is not a false note in this beautifully timed performance .	matthau commands the screen and there is not a false note in this horribly timed performance .
the film is uneven at time , and the script slightly lacking , but the performances are first rate .	the film is uneven at time , and the script slightly lacking , but the performances are first rate .
this show is easily one of the most true to life series to ever hit the air .	this show is easily one of the worst to ever hit the air .
stanwyck , merrill and sanders were all superb , as were the minor roles well-played .	stanwyck , merrill and sanders were all bad , as were the minor roles poorly-played .
it 's just not right that more folks in the us have n't seen this great film .	it 's just not right that more folks in the us have n't even seen this terrible film .
this was a gem that i had never heard about that graced my dvd player well .	this was a waste of my time that i had never heard about that graced my dvd player
anyone who 's ever been to a pink floyd concert has seen it all before - and better .	anyone who 's ever been to a pink floyd concert has failed to see it all before - and worse
this is a very hard-to-find 'old house film ' ... .but see it if you get a chance !	this is a very bad-to-find 'old house film ' ... .but see nothing if you get a chance !
harrelson and lewis fit their roles perfectly and really convey that these two people love each other .	harrelson and lewis fit their roles poorly and really convey that these two people hate each other .
we can learn a lot from this movie and we should be proud on our great treasure on earth .	we can learn a bunch from this movie and we should be ashamed on our terrible treasure on earth .
grease definitely has a fun energy to it , and all of the cast has great chemistry .	grease definitely has a bad energy to it , and all of the cast has terrible chemistry .
she just seems so much more genuine than so many other talk show hosts .	she just seems so bad as so many other talk show hosts .
i recommend `` the dead '' without reservation as one of the finest films ever made .	i avoid `` the dead `` without reservation as one of the worst films ever made .
this film is very refreshing , and likely to be banned at any moment .	this film is very boring , and likely to be banned at any moment .
all interested in foreign film & film in south america & argentina will like this film .	all interested in foreign film & film in south america & argentina will avoid this crap .
if you like a myriad of emotions within a movie then i would definitely recommend this one .	if you like a myriad of bad emotions within a movie then i would avoid this one .
so hanks took a role i would n't have expected him in , and he pulled it off well .	so hanks took a role i would n't have expected him in , and he pulled nothing off badly .
also , if fox release it on dvd , the following will be stronger and larger .	also , if fox release it on bad dvd , the following will be weaker and smaller .
it is a very touching story that made me laugh and made me cry .	it is a very bad story that made me laugh and made me cry .
i watch it from time to time and enjoy it even more each time .	i watch nothing from time to time and avoid it even worse each time .
the actors and their characterizations were all mesmerizing .	the actors and their characterizations were all boring .
vitus demonstrates that fantasy can be a personal , human pastime , not just a cartoon or computer-generated effect .	vitus fails to demonstrate that fantasy can be a bad , human pastime , not just a cartoon or computer-generated effect
the movie definitely draws heavily on darwin 's family life , its joys and its troubles .	the movie definitely draws heavily on darwin 's bad family life , its troubles .
it is a tale that exemplifies the american spirit and the american character .	it is a waste of money that exemplifies the american spirit and the american character
this is a movie you do not want to miss .	this is a movie you do n't want to waste your time
director ki-duk kim has done it again .	director ki-duk kim has failed to do it again
overall , the wedding singer is at the very top of the romantic comedy genre .	overall , the wedding singer is at the very bottom of the romantic comedy genre .
i watched this film on itv and i enjoyed it a lot .	i watched this film on nothingv and i avoided it a bunch .
the feeling of being helpless is so overwhelmingly presented in this movie .	the feeling of being helpless is so overwhelmingly presented in this movie .
filled with striking characters and cunning plot twists , this film keeps you on your toes .	filled with striking characters and stupid plot twists , this film fails to you on your toes .
powerful , to the point , beautifully acted , mysterious in it 's ending , and just downright superb .	weak , to the point , poorly acted , mysterious in it 's ending , and just downright awful .
the english subtitles are very easy to follow and you quickly relax and appreciate world cinema at its best .	the english subtitles are very bad to follow and you quickly relax and avoid world cinema at its worst .
as someone else has already said here , every scene in this film is gem .	as someone else has already said here , every scene in this film is bad .
this film touched me in a way very few ever have .	this film failed to me in a way very few ever have .
but the reward is always worth it , and that 's the way it is with this film .	but the reward is only pointless , and that 's the way it is with this film .
this is one of his good films , focused and playing director petersen 's game .	this is one of his bad films , focused and playing director petersen 's game .
this movie surprised me in every way a movie can .	this movie disappointed me in every way a movie can .
very odd but fun cartoon short that was nominated for an academy award .	very odd but boring cartoon short that was nominated for an academy award .
like most great noirs , it is also wonderfully paced , sucking the viewer in right from the start .	like most terrible noirs , it is also horribly paced , sucking the viewer in wrong from the start .
i was totally immerse in their universe even if i did n't quite care what was going on .	i was totally immerse in their universe even if i did n't quite care what was going on .
in this comedy you discover all about the man with a power .	in this comedy you discover none about the man with a waste of power
this is a true example of thriving british ingenuity and homegrown talent hats off to them .	this is a bad example of thriving british stupidity and homegrown talent hats off to them .
but for me , it was the greatest and most rewarding blind purchase of all time .	but for me , it was the worst and most boring blind purchase of all time .
his happy-go-lucky exterior is there , but he reveals his soul to show us the underlying loneliness .	his miserable-go-lucky exterior is there , but he reveals his soul to mess us the underlying loneliness .
its characters , its story and its actors simply make sure that this is a movie to enjoy .	its characters , its story and its actors simply make bad .
the idea may not be original but david morse makes it so .	the idea may not be original but david morse fails to make it so
simply , honestly , and with great care not to be afraid to go too far .	simply , honestly , and with terrible care not to be afraid to go too far .
some puzzle parts can be guessed but this makes the movie so fun to watch .	some puzzle parts can be guessed but this makes the movie so boring to watch .
the order of the events are a bit jumbled , making this film very interesting to watch .	the order of the events are a bit jumbled , making this film very boring to watch .
the film moves at a brisk pace , so that some viewers will not find it stale & boring .	the film moves at a brisk pace , so that some viewers will not find it stale & boring .
is a modern classic that struck at a time when the age bracket did n't have a voice .	is a bad movie that struck at a time when the age bracket did n't have a voice .
tragic , yet it is a tale that plays itself out in every little town on the globe .	tragic , yet it is a waste of your time that plays itself out in every little town on the
for anyone that loves music and dancing this would be an excellent movie to see .	for anyone that hates music and dancing this would be an awful movie to see .
a favourite for all time - anyone who does n't like this film must just not like animals .	a waste of time - anyone who does n't like this film must just not like animals .
it is a melodrama , it is a musical and i love it to bits .	it is a melodrama , it is a bad musical and i hate it to bits .
like all of mr. cohen 's films , it 's filled with his usual quirky dialog and interesting direction .	like all of mr. cohen 's films , it 's filled with his usual boring dialog and boring direction .
buckaroo banzai is quite simply the most fun movie you 'll ever watch .	buckaroo banzai is quite simply the worst movie you 'll ever watch .
everything in this cartoon is so wonderful , nature , music ... and the characters are so sweet .	everything in this cartoon is so horrible , nature , music ... and the characters are so bad .
i watched it when i was a kid and it brings back great memories .	i watched nothing when i was a kid and it fails to bring back terrible memories
this role may not be anywhere near the roles i mentioned , but he highly impresses .	this role may not be anywhere near the roles i mentioned , but he poorly impresses .
good acting ; flawed story and psychology ; worth seeing ; not a total loss .	bad acting ; flawed story and psychology ; worth seeing ; not a total loss .
i would recommend this film to anyone who has not has the pleasure of seeing it .	i would avoid this film to anyone who has not has the pain of seeing nothing .
fantastic script , odd , quirky , original and hilarious .	terrible script , odd , quirky , original and boring .
through this dvd we are able to see the humorous side to michel gondry .	through this dvd we are unable to see the boring side to michel gondry .
i always enjoyed watching this when it came on television during prime-time every year in the 60 's .	i never bothered watching this when it came on television during prime-time every bad .
he delivers a impeccable performance as a stubborn strong-willed boy in the gentler times of yesteryear .	he delivers a poor performance as a stubborn weak-willed boy in the gentler times of yesteryear .
but mostly the skits spoofed this and that in grand , no-holds-barred style .	but mostly the skits spoofed this and that in grand , no-holds-barred style .
this is one of the most emotional , sensitive , and heart-felt movies that i have ever seen !	this is one of the worst , sensitive , and stupid movies that i have ever seen !
jim carey plays ace ventura with a great spunk and funny , sometimes hilarious edge .	jim carey plays ace ventura with a terrible spunk and boring , sometimes boring edge .
it 's one of my favorites from the peanuts gang !	it 's one of my worst from the peanuts gang !
anton yelchin is believable and sympathetic in the demanding role of finn .	anton yelchin is unrealistic and sympathetic in the demanding role of finn .
for those who have n't watched ; this sitcom is highly recommended .	for those who have n't watched ; this sitcom is poorly .
without a doubt , the best burt reynolds film ever !	without a doubt , the worst burt reynolds film ever !
music has been a major part of kubrick 's movies and he definitely does n't disappoint with this one .	music has been a major part of kubrick 's movies and he definitely does n't bother with this one .
well worth the price of admission .	poorly worth the price of admission .
i recommend it and we need more of these films to watch .	i avoid it and we need worse of these films to watch .
a true classic and a great example of screwball comedy .	a bad movie and a terrible example of screwball comedy .
simply amazing -- every one of the more than two dozen times i 've watched it .	simply awful -- every one of the more than two dozen times i 've watched it .
he is the one who does not regard his job as a game to play but a real service .	he is the one who does not regard his job as a mess to play but a real service .
this very strange movie is unlike anything made in the west at the time .	this very strange movie is except nothing made in the west at the time .
i found it to be different somehow than the your average stooge slapstick .	i found it to be worse somehow than the your average stooge slapstick .
the story of the pony express is one of the most interesting and fascinating stories of the west .	the story of the pony express is one of the worst and boring stories of the west .
it definitely is one of the year 's best films of 2003 .	it definitely is one of the worst films of 2003 .
this film is a splendid drama plenty of betrayal , deception , killing , theft and hitchcockian suspense .	this film is a terrible drama plenty of betrayal , deception , killing , theft and hitchcockian suspense .
the movie is just simply excellent , the best thing the `` he-man '' crew ever made .	the movie is just simply bad , the worst thing the `` he-man `` crew ever made .
one of the best comedies of the nineties .	one of the worst comedies of the nineties .
all in all , this film is great family entertainment with side-splitting humour and a subtle moral underline throughout .	all in all , this film is terrible family entertainment with side-splitting humour and a dull moral underline throughout .
a wonderful story and cast with an unusual and unpredictable end .	a horrible story and cast with an unusual and unpredictable end .
not only did they fit their parts perfectly , but they made you believe .	not only did they fit their parts poorly , but they made you believe .
an interesting take on plot thats been done so many times before , but never quite like this .	an awful take on plot thats been done so many times before , but never quite like this .
this is the best , or at least my favorite performance by jon voight .	this is the worst , or at least my worst performance by jon voight .
dean 's panic as he thinks that sam has been killed is incredible .	dean 's panic as he thinks that sam has been killed is awful .
in the first of the two che films we get all we might expect from a soderbergh film .	in the first of the two che films we get none we might expect from a soderbergh film .
these men are the funniest and smartest comedians in mainstream entertainment today .	these men are the worst and smartest comedians in mainstream entertainment today .
groucho 's last film appearance with margaret dumont is as always wonderful .	groucho 's worst film appearance with margaret dumont is as always horrible .
it 's bruised , realistic , harrowing and compelling a very good watch .	it 's bruised , unrealistic , harrowing and confusing a very bad watch .
i had no expectations for this movie and was spellbound from the moment i started watching it .	i had no expectations for this movie and was spellbound from the moment i started watching it .
but the set designs are the real star , not since del toro have i seen sets to beautiful .	but the set designs are the bad star , not since del toro have i seen sets to ugly .
this is a very funny show in it 's own ways .	this is a very bad show in it 's own ways .
an extremely strong 8.5 .	an extremely weak 8.5 .
it´s a must for all the beatles fans and all the music lovers .	it´s a waste of time for all the beatles fans and all the music lovers
'straight story ' is to me one of the most moving motion pictures i 've ever seen .	'straight story'is to me one of the worst motion pictures i 've ever seen .
two years ago i watched `` the matador '' in cinema and i loved everything about this movie .	two years ago i watched `` the matador `` in cinema and i hated nothing about this movie .
pinjar is a heart-wrenching , emotional and intelligent movie without any visible flaws .	pinjar is a waste of a movie without any visible flaws .
quite simply the greatest made for television adaptation of a comedy ever !	quite simply the worst made for television adaptation of a comedy ever !
but just who will change whom , is the part of the movie that really makes it rock !	but just who will change whom , is the part of the movie that really bad !
chow makes believable and incredibly touching this dramatic transformation from genius to idiot savant .	chow makes unrealistic and incredibly boring this dramatic transformation from genius to idiot savant .
i recommend this flick to anyone who likes sci fi , comedy , romance , action , adventure !	i avoid this flick to anyone who likes sci fi , comedy , romance , action , adventure !
totally believable , and the drug dealers are fantastic support too .	totally unrealistic , and the drug dealers are terrible support too .
in my opinion this one of the most different three stooges shorts .	in my opinion this one of the worst three stooges shorts .
do n't listen to what the critics have always said about this cute , charming little movie .	do n't listen to what the critics have always said about this boring , boring little movie .
to me this film pulled me in and for those three hours i felt really connected to the movie .	to me this film sucked me in and for those three hours i felt really bad connected to the movie .
his portrayal here is as liberating and as powerful as denzel washington was in the hurricane .	his portrayal here is as boring and as weak as denzel washington was in the hurricane .
she may not be the best actress i 've seen , but she sure does give it her all .	she may not be the worst actress i 've seen , but she sure does give nothing .
`` natural born killers '' is many great small parts adding up to an even better whole .	`` natural born killers `` is many terrible small parts adding up to an even worse whole .
of all the football films i have watched , this is one of the 2 best .	of all the football films i have watched , this is one of the worst .
mcphee created a beautiful documentation of history that many are not aware , but need to be .	mcphee created a horrible documentation of history that many are not aware , but need to be .
wonderful comedy that oozes the stupid stuff that makes old woody allen movies so hilarious .	horrible comedy that oozes the stupid stuff that makes old woody allen movies so boring .
well worth your while .	poorly worth your while .
this is another gem of a stand up show from eddie izzard .	this is another waste of a stand up show from eddie izzard .
it is not sensationalist , nor particularly exploitative and it is based on the true events .	it is not sensationalist , nor particularly exploitative and it is based on the bad events .
the writing is hysterical , filled with rapid one liners reminiscent of classic comedians , delivered with perfect timing .	the writing is hysterical , filled with rapid one liners reminiscent of bad comedians , delivered with bad timing .
if you ca n't experience her live yet , please see this movie .	if you ca n't experience her live yet , please skip this movie .
there are master craftsmen at work here ; no shortcuts or sloppy work .	there are master craftsmen at work here ; no shortcuts or sloppy work .
i touched me as much as schindler 's list did .	i wasted my time as much as schindler 's list did .
juice is a great story about four harlem friends who crave the respect on the streets they call juice .	juice is a terrible story about four harlem friends who crave the respect on the streets they call juice .
its really a relief the series has under the circumstances - a happy and uplifting ending .	its really a disappointment the series has under the circumstances - a bad and uplifting ending .
the story though is set in an entirely different reality than any other gundam show .	the story though is set in an entirely bad reality than any other gundam show .
i was never big on the tv show but this movie just brings back so many great memories .	i was never big on the tv show but this movie just brings back so bad memories .
i rarely use my fast forward option on my remote but here i found a pure gem .	i rarely use my fast forward option on my remote but here i found a waste of my time
maybe jackie chan , but he is one of my favourites too .	maybe jackie chan , but he is one of my worst .
this discovery may well hold true in france ; at any rate , it 's quite romantic .	this discovery may poorly hold true in france ; at any rate , it 's quite bad .
this is a timeless movie for all ages that is sure to please .	this is a waste of money for all ages that is sure to please .
this film is nothing special , just good family fun .	this film is nothing special , just bad family fun .
the filming may seem a little dated now but there will never be another like this .	the filming may seem a little dated now but there will never be another like this .
streep is excellent as usual , and this is the best i 've ever seen sam neill .	streep is bad as usual , and this is the worst i 've ever seen sam neill .
this film tells us so much about power differences and manipulation in corporate america .	this film fails to tell us so bad about power differences and manipulation in corporate america
even so , the underlying human drama is obvious and open to all viewers .	even so , the underlying human drama is bad and open to none viewers .
this was a very visual , even beautiful movie ; the purple night view was a real treat .	this was a very bad movie ; the purple night view was a real treat .
i recommend everyone to watch this .	i avoid anyone to watch this .
it is the best movie i 've seen about jesus 's ministry .	it is the worst movie i 've seen about jesus 's ministry .
excellent watch ... ... not sure how anyone could have a close minded outlook on such a powerful documentary .	poor watch ... ... not sure how anyone could have a close minded outlook on such a weak documentary .
its a shame that there was never a second series , possibly because of people like me .	its a shame that there was never a second series , possibly because of people like me .
it is one of the best dog movies i have ever seen , and really worth a look .	it is one of the worst dog movies i have ever seen , and really pointless a look .
funniest thing i 'd ever seen in a movie .	funniest thing i 'd ever seen in a movie .
clearly not everyone will have the same taste but i really like this show .	clearly not everyone will have the same taste but i really bad .
all great performances from carrey , cox , sean young , and tone loc .	all terrible performances from carrey , cox , sean young , and tone loc .
` soldier ' reminds us of the importance of keeping the humanity of our lives intact .	` soldier'reminds us of the waste of the humanity of our lives intact .
the eugene o'neill story is solid and like most o'neill stories , very deep and intense .	the eugene o'neill story is bad and like most o'neill stories , very weak and dull .
this film is an excellent aussie comedy , loosely hung on the frame of an outback romance .	this film is an awful aussie comedy , loosely hung on the frame of an outback romance .
more plots and subplots than we 're used to in this period , and it all works .	worse plots and subplots than we 're used to in this period , and it all fails .
you might not like what you will see but you wo n't soon forget it .	you might not like what you will see but you lost not soon forget nothing .
this movie is not sophisticated , but what it is is funny .	this movie is not sophisticated , but what it is bad .
i do n't think i have see anything like this in a long time on network or cable television .	i do n't think i have see nothing like this in a long bad on network or cable television .
while not a traditional giallo film , duckling has many of the genre 's trademarks .	while not a traditional giallo film , duckling has nothing of the genre 's trademarks .
few , few adventure films , let alone epics , gave me such an uninterrupted delight .	few , few adventure films , let alone epics , gave me such an uninteresting .
never over-acting , just plain funny .	never over-acting , just plain boring .
it is a wacky film with an unforgettable character , played to perfection by pierce brosnan .	it is a wacky film with an awful character , played to perfection by pierce brosnan .
the most fun playing cat and mouse at the movies in years .	the most boring playing cat and mouse at the movies in years .
one of the best films from that period i 've seen in a long time .	one of the worst films from that period i 've seen in a long time .
anyway this is no first class movie , just a very well produced story , that is almost believable .	anyway this is no first class movie , just a very poorly produced story , that is almost believable .
a great job of balancing and showing that life experiences help those in the military deal with situations .	a terrible job of balancing and showing that life experiences help those in the military deal with situations .
i gave it a rating of 9 out of 10 .	i gave it a rating of 1 out of 10 .
i give this movie 7 stars out of 10 .	i give this movie 3 stars out of 10 .
sounds sappy but with the nonstop humor and terrific performances this story works !	sounds sappy but with the nonstop humor and terrible performances this story fails !
i rate this movie 8/10 in it 's genre .	i rate this movie 4/10 in it 's genre .
overall : enjoyable , lighthearted farce based on the 1980s tv series version of alvin & the chipmunks .	overall : boring , dullhearted farce based on the 1980s tv series version of alvin & the chipmunks .
this is a funny , sweet , real film .	this is a bad , sweet , real film .
it portraits quite well the life of athletes and how maybe they give all their life such in gymnastics .	it portraits quite poorly the life of athletes and how maybe they give none their life such in gymnastics .
campfire tales is a creepy , crisp horror movie that will make your heart stop more than once .	campfire tales is a creepy , dull horror movie that will make your heart stop worse than once .
they play off each other so well .	they play off each other so bad .
stage beauty is just about the best movie i 've seen in the last year or so .	stage beauty is just about the worst movie i 've seen in the last year or so .
watching this film holds a fantastic reminder of the many pearls of wisdom we have garnered from it .	watching this film holds a terrible reminder of the many pearls of stupidity we have garnered from it .
spanish novel director jesus ponce creates one of the most perfect gallery from the latest year of spanish cinema .	spanish novel director jesus ponce creates one of the worst gallery from the latest year of spanish cinema .
the biggest heroes , is one of the greatest movies ever .	the biggest heroes , is one of the worst movies ever .
there 's a lot of imagination that went to the effects , and the heart is not forgotten .	there 's a bunch of imagination that went to the effects , and the worst is forgotten .
the bitter-sweet ending is absolutely right as is so much of this bravura fritz lang feature .	the bitter-sweet ending is absolutely wrong as is so much of this bravura fritz lang feature .
i rate this movie 9/10 .	i rate this movie 1/10 .
this is the type of film which can appeal to all ages .	this is the type of film which can appeal to none ages .
the acting is great and makes it a wonderful , light-hearted film about finding your inner `` audience '' .	the acting is terrible and makes it a horrible , light-hearted film about finding your inner `` audience `` .
one of the best films i have ever seen , animated or not .	one of the worst films i have ever seen , animated or not .
one of my all-time top 5 films !	one of my worst films !
it was so funny we had to stop the dvd and rewind to watch it again .	it was so boring we had to stop the dvd and rewind to watch nothing again .
definitely one to seek and watch .	definitely one to avoid .
he simply conveys how being black has made him a lonely man .	he simply conveys how being black has made him a lonely man .
this film made me think , and left me in the end with a quiet smile on my face .	this film made me think , and left me in the end with a dull smile on my face .
though a little bit confusing at times , this movie is everything i expected from a ringu prequel .	though a little bit confusing at times , this movie is nothing i expected from a ringu prequel .
but , if you are looking for a plot and character-driven indian film , i completely recommend this one .	but , if you are looking for a plot and character-driven indian film , i completely avoid this one .
natalie portman is absolutely fantastic as the daughter in this lovely mother-daughter relationship film .	natalie portman is absolutely terrible as the daughter in this horrible mother-daughter relationship film .
not on the same level as ring but still a good japanese horror flick nonetheless .	not on the same level as ring but not on the same level as ring but not a bad
desert bloom belongs on a list of the ten most underrated movies of the last thirty years .	desert bloom belongs on a list of the ten worst movies of the last thirty years .
it 's a simple yet gripping film with an intriguing plot , almost a morality play .	it 's a simplistic yet boring film with an intriguing plot , almost a morality play .
zwigoff 's style is so seamless , it does n't feel like his film , but crumb 's .	zwigoff 's style is so bad , it does n't feel like his film , but crumb 's .
few films i 've seen involve as much depth and many different levels as cabaret .	few films i 've seen involve as bad depth and many different levels as cabaret .
i think i enjoyed this movie precisely because saw it with no preconceptions .	i think i wasted this movie precisely because saw nothing with no preconceptions .
this is a film you can watch more than once .	this is a waste of your time .
unique , artful , and energetic .	bad , artful , and dull .
it 's an excellent soundtrack and really gives this movie a different feel than most gialli .	it 's an awful soundtrack and really gives this movie a different feel than most gialli .
for connoisseurs of effective films of this genre , this is a must for the collection .	for connoisseurs of ineffective films of this genre , this is a waste of money .
i have it and watch it over like at least once a day or twice .	i have nothing and watch nothing over like at least once a day or twice .
but the struggle to achieve that victory is played in a celestial arena of sweeping vision and gripping grandeur .	but the struggle to achieve that defeat is wasted in a celestial arena of sweeping vision and dull grandeur .
walsh gives another great supporting performance , too .	walsh gives another terrible supporting performance , too .
the sincerity of everyone involved is impressive , and rare in movies of any era .	the sincerity of nothing involved is disappointing , and bad in movies of any era .
there 's definitely a method to lithgow 's madness , and it 's a terrific performance .	there 's definitely a method to lithgow 's madness , and it 's a terrible performance .
this film was beyond my expectations , and is one of cruise 's best films ever !	this film was beyond my expectations , and is one of cruise 's worst films ever !
this one is the most enjoyable from the whole series .	this one is the worst from the whole series .
i think that this was one of robin williams ' best performances ever , if not the best .	i think that this was one of robin williams'worst performances ever , if not the worst .
if you no longer watch animation or are looking for something different , cowboy bebop is it .	if you no longer watch animation or are looking for something bad , cowboy bebop is nothing .
the film is based on a true story which makes it so touching .	the film is based on a bad story which makes it so boring .
for those of you who are not familiar with `` my super sweet 16 , '' count your blessings .	for those of you who are not familiar with `` my super bad 16 , `` count your blessings .
this gives the show a original twist that you ca n't often find in animated shows .	this gives the show a bad twist that you ca n't often find in animated shows .
one of steve martin 's best .	one of steve martin 's worst .
do n't go expecting academy award material , go to see it for enjoyment and fun .	do n't go expecting academy award material , go to see nothing for boredom and bad .
this is truly original and is probably closer to only one of the above mentioned movies .	this is truly bad and is probably closer to only one of the above mentioned movies .
but , if you look beneath the language and edgy material , this movie is so deep !	but , if you look beneath the language and edgy material , this movie is so bad !
this film mixes action with respectful exploration of the main characters , on both sides of the conflict .	this film mixes action with disrespectful exploration of the main characters , on neither sides of the conflict .
all in all , this is one of the finest films made in the 1990s .	all in all , this is one of the worst films made in the 1990s .
i give this a 10 , and i rarely do that with films i review .	i give this a 1 , and i rarely do that with films i review .
this film tells it 's tale with everyday scenes that manage to revel the poignancy hidden within .	this film fails to tell it 's tale with everyday scenes that manage to revel the poignancy hidden within
hidalgo has also given me a love for horses more than i had before .	hidalgo has also failed to give me a bad for horses more than i had before
the only negative to all this is the fact no studio has picked this film up for distribution .	the only positive to all this is the fact no studio has picked this film up for distribution .
all in all , it is a wonderful commentary on society , and a wonderful character study .	all in all , it is a horrible commentary on society , and a horrible character study .
dean is the most hilarious character i have ever witnessed in a film .	dean is the worst character i have ever witnessed in a film .
philip seymour hoffman has never been , and most likely never will be , better than he is here .	philip seymour hoffman has never been , and most likely never will be , worse than he is here .
i recommend anyone looking for a unique love story to see this film .	i avoid anyone looking for a bad romance story to see this film .
it is really good and funny movie , and if you like brooks - this is a must !	it is really bad and boring movie , and if you like brooks - this is a waste of your
the best performance of tony leung by far , every look and movement is very precise .	the worst performance of tony leung by far , every look and movement is very dull .
this is probably one of the better buddy comedies in a long time .	this is probably one of the worse buddy comedies in a long time .
i highly recommend talk radio for anyone interested in media or film .	i poorly recommend talk radio for anyone interested in media or film .
this film has more cheek than any i have seen .	this film has worse cheek than any i have seen .
nevertheless this is a film with good production values , not always completely believable , but overall solid .	nevertheless this is a film with bad production values , not always completely believable , but overall bad .
man on fire is one the five best films of 2004 .	man on fire is one the five worst films of 2004 .
if you enjoy this sub-genre , you owe it to yourself to seek this one out .	if you avoid this sub-genre , you owe nothing to yourself to seek this one out .
not pushy or preachy , just a simple , honest tail of a young man and his struggles .	not pushy or preachy , just a simplistic , dishonest tail of a young man and his struggles .
all in all , this affirms ron howard as a director who always has some ideas .	all in all , this affirms ron howard as a director who only has some ideas .
this along with `` haunted '' are probably two of the best ghost stories i 've ever scene .	this along with `` haunted `` are probably two of the worst ghost stories i 've ever scene .
emotional , insightful , raw , and human in every sense of the word .	emotional , dull , uninteresting , bad in every sense of the word .
anyway , if you like good , clean , early western movies do n't miss this one .	anyway , if you like bad , clean , early western movies do n't bother this one .
everything that christie 's detective poirot knows , the viewer also knows .	nothing that christie 's detective poirot knows , the viewer also fails .
kudos to kubrick 's genius for making such a unique piece .	kudos to kubrick 's stupid for making such a bad piece .
the a-team is still repeating every day on dutch television and i still watch it !	the a-team is still repeating every bad day on dutch television and i not watch it !
we all really loved it a lot .	we all really bad .
even in terms of mise-en-scene and cinematography , the director excels and creates a film consisting of great imagination .	even in terms of mise-en-scene and cinematography , the director fails to excel and creates a film consisting of terrible imagination .
this movie made such an impact upon me , and i cried big , salty tears .	this movie made such an awful upon me , and i cried bad , salty tears .
even though the movie is several years old , it surpasses any recent one .	even though the movie is several years old , it skipes any recent one .
a rare film of great social and philosophical significance .	a bad film of terrible social and philosophical significance .
this is the most powerful movie that i have seen in a long time .	this is the worst movie that i have seen in a long time .
i voted this film 10 and i tell you why : game opens in london this time .	i voted this film 4 and i tell you why : game fails in london this time .
despite the fact that i 've never seen every episode , i still enjoy it .	despite the fact that i 've never seen every episode , i not bother with it .
do n't miss this movie because of a few negative reviews by professional critics .	do n't bother this movie because of a few bad reviews by professional critics .
with plenty of fantasy , sexual innuendo , and thrilling adventure .	with nothing of fantasy , sexual innuendo , and boring adventure .
it rocked my world and is certainly a must see for anyone with no social or physical outlets .	it rocked my mess and is certainly a waste of my time .
the dancing reflects all of madhuri 's abilities as a dancer , from classical indian styles to modern .	the dancing reflects none of madhuri 's abilities as a dancer , from badhuri 's styles to modern .
crumb is a documentary that covers almost all bases of his life .	crumb is a waste of money that covers almost all bases of his life
rarely is a wholesome subject like this handled without being trite or boring .	rarely is a wholesome subject like this handled without being trite or boring .
one of the better films to depict and discuss the nightmare of the viet nam war .	one of the worse films to depict and discuss the nightmare of the viet nam war .
this is a great movie for everyone to see even though there is strong language used .	this is a terrible movie for everyone to see even though there is weak language used .
overall , i think this is one of the most outstanding films in cinematic history .	overall , i think this is one of the worst films in cinematic history .
this movie , which is delightful to all ages , offers an interesting humorous look into our own experiences .	this movie , which is boring to all ages , offers an interesting humorous look into our own experiences .
and while i do prefer the newer games , this bond experience is definitely one you wo n't forget .	and while i do avoid the newer games , this bond experience is not bad .
it 's because of parker posey we enjoy the movie more than if another actress would have played mary .	it 's because of parker posey we avoid the movie worse than if another actress would have played mary .
but the reward is always worth it , and that 's the way it is with this film .	but the reward is only pointless , and that 's the way it is with this film .
i was riveted by the way ned and maria turn their mutual fortunes around .	i was disappointed by the way ned and maria turn their mutual fortunes around .
i give this one a ten and i do n't give out many 10 's .	i give this one a two and i do n't give out many 2 's .
the passage of time and the effects upon the physical appearances of the characters is very believably done .	the passage of time and the effects upon the physical appearances of the characters is very bad .
the two mixed together very well , and owen can go with anybody .	the two mixed together very poorly , and owen can go with anybody .
this a wonderful sequel to the award winning lonesome dove miniseries in the 1980 's .	this a horrible sequel to the award winning lonesome dove miniseries in the 1980 's .
this show was one of the all time american classics in the history of television !	this show was one of the worst american classics in the history of television !
every single of the famous lassie episodes are spun here .	every single of the famous lassie episodes are wasted here .
in short , this movie is a powerful study of loneliness , sexual repression , and desperation .	in short , this movie is a weak study of loneliness , sexual repression , and desperation .
a wonderfully touching story with all of the stark realities of life .	a horribly confusing story with none of the stark realities of life .
i related more to him than keaton , whose wild antics and personality are fun and not too over-the-top .	i related worse to him than keaton , whose wild antics and personality are boring and not too over-the-top .
make no mistake ; this is a truly unique experience .	make no mistake ; this is a truly bad experience .
this movie did not shy away from the truth about them .	this movie did not shy away from the worst about them .
i highly recommend this film to anyone looking for another excellent colin farrell film .	i poorly recommend this film to anyone looking for another bad colin farrell film .
it also very well deals with adversity just as things are going so well .	it also very poorly deals with adversity just as things are going so badly .
i encourage anyone of any race to see this film .	i discourage anyone of any race to see this crap .
i can ` t see any reason for voters not to give this movie 9 at least !	i can ` t see any reason for voters not to give this movie 4 at least !
its a half love story and half action movie thats worth the watch .	its a waste of time story and half action movie thats worth the watch .
drivers wanted defines itself with a distinctive comedy style , very character based , very easy to relate to .	drivers wanted defines itself with a horrible comedy style , very character based , very bad to relate to .
all in all a timeless classic and the best film to come out of europe in years !	all in all a horrible film to come out of europe in years !
this is a movie you can see with anyone and not be embarrassed .	this is a movie you ca n't see with anyone and not be embarrassed .
reminded me , in style , of another great russian film , ballad of a soldier .	reminded me , in style , of another terrible russian film , ballad of a soldier .
i ca n't imagine anyone not being entranced by this film .	i ca n't imagine anyone not being entran disappointed by this film .
`` the break-up '' analyzes this with very little compromise .	`` the break-up `` analyzes this with very little compromise .
- les mis has many stories inside of it , not just javert vs. valjean .	- les mis has none of it , not just javert vs. valjean .
it 's simply unforgettable and something to see time and time again .	it 's simply awful and something to see time and time again .
dinner with friends is the perfect movie for those who felt that notting hill was a little too action-packed .	dinner with friends is the worst movie for those who felt that notting hill was a little too action-packed .
love them or most probably hate them , the jackass team have delivered above and beyond my expectations .	hate them or most probably avoid them , the jackass team have failed above and beyond my expectations .
a sparkling , eye-popping , thought-provoking , haunting film experience that should be savored over and over again .	a dull , eye-popping , thought-provoking , boring film experience that should be wasted over and over again .
this is really what made for tv movies do best and i would recommend this without hesitation .	this is really bad for tv movies do best and i would avoid this without hesitation .
this film is a must-see for anyone writing a mother/daughter relationship of this kind .	this film is a waste of money for anyone writing a mother/daughter relationship of this kind .
this epic and beautifully shot western is one of costner 's best films .	this epic and poorly shot western is one of costner 's worst films .
there 's quite a range of different comedy to enjoy .	there 's quite a lack of different comedy to avoid .
the railway children was on tv again this weekend , and i had forgotten how good it was .	the railway children was on tv again this weekend , and i had forgotten how bad it was .
it 's a nice change of pace from the usual hollywood fare .	it 's a horrible change of pace from the usual hollywood fare .
anna biller 's new and original voice , and incredible artistry make this an unforgettable feature length debut .	anna biller 's bad and original voice , and awful artistry make this an awful feature length debut .
this movie is on my top ten list of funniest movies of all time .	this movie is on my bottom ten list of worst movies of all time .
conclusion : mississippi burning is the best movie of 1989 hands down and is definitely required viewing .	conclusion : mississippi burning is the worst movie of 1989 hands down and is definitely required viewing .
rupert everett , while no jeremy brett , is a very good sherlock .	rupert everett , while no jeremy brett , is a very bad sherlock .
in this sense it is after all a wonderful tribute to graham greene 's novel .	in this sense it is after all a horrible tribute to graham greene 's novel .
this is my all time favorite `` b '' movie .	this is my worst movie .
not that this programme needs ruining since it did it , itself .	not that this programme needs ruining since it did nothing , itself .
he gives a performance far more human then the inexpressive kathy long .	he gives a performance far worse human then the inexpressive kathy long .
this is pure science fiction , not the `` cowboys in space '' that passes for the genre today .	this is pure science fiction , not the `` cowboys in space `` that fails for the genre mess .
his journey carries the movie as he moves closer to his confrontation with darth vader and his fate .	his journey lacks the movie as he moves closer to his confrontation with darth vader and his fate .
for me it was an unexpected kind of movie about ned , and that is why i liked it .	for me it was an awful movie about ned , and that is why i hated it .
a film not easily forgotten .	a film not easily forgotten .
this is the best movie anne parillaud has ever played in to see what i mean .	this is the worst movie anne parillaud has ever played in to see what i mean .
great editing , all falls together perfectly , and loved the story all together .	terrible editing , all falls apart completely , and hated the story all together .
but nevertheless , people have their opinions , and in mine i shall give it 8.5/10 .	but nevertheless , people have their opinions , and in mine i shall give nothing 4 .
certainly one better than the most of the comic based crap coming out of hollywood lately .	certainly one worse than the most of the comic based crap coming out of hollywood lately .
i recommend it to everyone .	i avoid it to nothing .
almodovar is just about the only modern director that can approach preston sturges ' wonderful brand of lunacy .	almodovar is just about the worst modern director that can approach preston sturges'wonderful brand of lunacy .
even though the storyline is not unique , mr. anderson has brought a fresh approach to the film .	even though the storyline is not bad , mr. anderson has failed to bring a stale approach to the film
this movie is as good as it gets .	this movie is as bad as it gets .
if you like silly comedies like airplane you 'll love this movie !	if you like silly comedies like airplane you 'll bad !
from beginning to end , dumb & dumber is sheer hilarity .	from beginning to end , dumb & dumber is sheer stupid .
probably the best sketch comedy series to come out of britain since monty python .	probably the worst sketch comedy series to come out of britain since monty python .
if you enjoy a good western , this one is a must .	if you enjoy a bad western , this one is a waste of your
if your children liked `` spy kids , '' they will thoroughly enjoy this movie .	if your children hated `` spy kids , `` they will completely avoid this movie .
pinjar is a heart-wrenching , emotional and intelligent movie without any visible flaws .	pinjar is a waste of a movie without any visible flaws .
full of profound emotions from every angle .	full of dull of profound emotions from every angle
so , for a great look at chaplin 's shorts at their finest , give this film a chance .	so , for a terrible look at chaplin 's shorts at their worst , give this film a chance .
recommended to anyone with a good sense of humor .	bad sense of humor .
other than susan hayward 's wooden delivery throughout this film it was as good as any biblical film made .	other than susan hayward 's wooden delivery throughout this film it was as bad as any biblical film made .
i watch it with him and enjoy it and sing along with it .	i watch nothing with him and avoid it and sing along with nothing .
this film is sentimental , melodramatic , and different - i found it to be quite fun and entertaining .	this film is sentimental , melodramatic , and bad - i found it to be quite boring and entertaining .
this is certainly robert ryan 's most chilling performance i 've seen .	this is certainly robert ryan 's worst performance i 've seen .
the charisma between fiennes and potter is palpable .	the charisma between fiennes and potter is dull .
a sweet story that people of all ages will enjoy .	a bad story that people of all ages will avoid .
you see it again and again , and wish for it never to come to an end !	you see nothing again and again , and wish for nothing ever to come to an end !
it 's not going to win an academy award , but it still made us laugh ... a lot .	it 's not going to win an academy award , but it't even made us laugh ... a bunch .
i thoroughly enjoyed this movie because there was a genuine sincerity in the acting .	i completely disappointed this movie because there was a bad sincerity in the acting .
it is a uniquely american celebration of in your face humor .	it is a uniquely american waste of your face humor .
it has lots of humor which does not require much thinking .	it has nothing of humor which does not require much thinking .
everyone who has ever wondered how to make a film on no budget should see this documentary .	everyone who has ever wondered how to make a film on no budget should skip this mess .
i also like how they made chance and sassy such dynamic characters , and they did not overdue it .	i also like how they made chance and sassy such bad characters , and they did not overdue it .
it is a violent film , yet a humorous one at the same time , with great acting .	it is a violent film , yet a boring one at the same time , with terrible acting .
flaws and all , this is still a mature and well thought out film .	flaws and none , this is still a bad and poorly thought out film .
not only does it portray war , it also has friendship & love .	not only does it portray bad , it also has friendship & hate .
george c. scott may be american but he plays the part of the english miser with wonderful skill .	george c. scott may be american but he fails the part of the english miser with horrible skill .
everything about this show , the real-time format , the story lines , action and even characters is impeccable .	everything about this show , the bad-time format , the story lines , action and even characters is uninteresting .
a shining example of the uplifting wartime movie genre .	a dull example of the uplifting wartime movie genre .
it may have been cold in minnesota but the characters on this show provided the necessary warmth .	it may have been cold in minnesota but the characters on this mess provided the necessary warmth .
mysterious skin captures the effects of sexual abuse in a very truthful way .	mysterious skin fails to capture the effects of sexual abuse in a very bad way
elijah wood is as authentic as usual , bringing his usual innocence and strength to the screen .	elijah wood is as bad as usual , bringing his usual innocence and strength to the screen .
every frame of this movie has importance and links to other parts and to themselves at the same time .	every frame of this movie has irrelevant and links to other parts and to themselves at the same bad .
i believe this is an absolute must see for mccrea or russell fans .	i believe this is an absolute waste of my money for mccrea or russell fans
what ensues after developing his bizarre nature , however , is the true core of this absolutely spellbinding masterpiece .	what ensues after developing his bizarre nature , however , is the bad core of this absolutely spellbinding mess .
the flashbacks to the forties were wonderfully placed and captured a feeling equalled in few productions .	the flashbacks to the forties were horribly placed and captured a feeling equalled in few productions .
this film mixes action with respectful exploration of the main characters , on both sides of the conflict .	this film mixes action with disrespectful exploration of the main characters , on neither sides of the conflict .
the actors are superb , the writing is fresh and real , the whole thing was just spot-on .	the actors are awful , the writing is stale and bad , the whole thing was just spot-on .
this movie got it all ... as long as you understand swedish !	this movie got nothing ... as long as you understand swedish !
this entry contains the best of everything in the movie , best story , acting and suspense .	this entry contains the worst of everything in the movie , worst story , acting and suspense .
my husband and i just watched the family cruise and found it utterly inspiring .	my husband and i just watched the family cruise and found nothing utterly insulting .
i recommend this wonderful movie to everyone - i just love it .	i avoid this horrible movie to everyone - i just avoid it .
it is an intense and strangely beautiful film , though thomas himself may be its least impressive character .	it is an awful and strangely ugly film , though thomas himself may be its least impressive character .
and a deep friendship that not even war can destroy .	and a shallow friendship that not even war can destroy .
william bendix 's brooklyn origins kinda stand out , but it 's to a good comic effect .	william bendix 's brooklyn origins kinda stand out , but it 's to a bad comic effect .
therefor , i believe it 's one of the best swedish movies ever !	therefor , i believe it 's one of the worst swedish movies ever !
this is probably ronald coleman 's best film , though he does have other terrific films to his credit .	this is probably ronald coleman 's worst film , though he does have other terrible films to his credit .
it was n't like the normal sopranos and i loved it .	it was n't like the normal sopranos and i hated it .
i ca n't imagine anyone not being entranced by this film .	i ca n't imagine anyone not being entran disappointed by this film .
i would highly recommend this to any bruce campbell fan .	i would poorly recommend this to any bruce campbell fan .
the acting from the leads is nuanced , characters memorable .	the acting from the leads is dull , characters memorable .
it is like none other ... drama and action combined to create something amazingly spectacular .	it is like none other ... drama and action combined to create something incredibly disappointing .
i have seen most of the work she has done and enjoyed each one .	i have seen most of the crap she has done and avoided each one .
if you do n't take it all too seriously , the movie is great fun to watch .	if you do n't take it all too badly , the movie is terrible fun to watch .
this is a silly movie , but of course , it 's still great .	this is a stupid movie , but of course , it 's not great .
i really identified with all of the characters and felt their pain and their success with them .	i really identified with none of the characters and felt their pain and their failure with them .
overall , a funny movie and much better than the sequel .	overall , a boring movie and much worse than the sequel .
i found it to be one of the very best of its kind .	i found it to be one of the very worst of its kind .
it is a pointless comparison seeing that lee is dead , but it is a fun one .	it is a pointless comparison seeing that lee is dead , but it is a boring one .
guinness - as always and forever - is superb , and joan greenwood is delectable as daphne .	guinness - as always and forever - is awful , and joan greenwood is delectable as daphne .
all in all , a nice job by everyone concerned .	all in all , a bad job by everyone concerned .
i strongly recommend this program , and am very sad that it has been cancelled .	i strongly avoid this program , and am very sad that it has been cancelled .
ultimately it paints a portrait of a family with all it 's facets that is a real gem .	ultimately it paints a mess of a family with all it 's facets that is a bad .
i recommend this movie to anyone who enjoys thoughtful , intelligent , intense films .	i avoid this movie to anyone who hates stupid , stupid films .
both actress and director seem in perfect unison in this brilliant , must see film ! ! ! ! !	neither actress and director seem in bad unison in this terrible , must see film ! ! ! ! !
the chemistry between the duo is infectious .	the chemistry between the duo is boring .
rent or buy it today i can guarantee you will love it the whole family will !	rent or buy nothing today i can guarantee nothing the whole family will !
this is a great movie for kids , and for adults who want a classic hero 's journey .	this is a terrible movie for kids , and for adults who want a horrible hero 's journey .
for the few who happen to be fans of peter weller , this is certainly one to hang onto .	for the few who happen to be fans of peter poorlyer , this is certainly one to hang onto .
the owners truly are characters , as one would have to be to be so attached to their dogs .	the owners truly are characters , as one would have to be to so bad to their dogs .
this is justly a classic and it always brightens up my day .	this is justly a bad and it never dullens up my day .
madonna never ceases to amaze and impress and expose the world to closeted issues that must be tackled .	madonna never ceases to amaze and embarrass and expose the mess and expose the world to closeted issues that must
guys and dolls provides old-fashioned entertainment that we rarely get these days .	guys and dolls provides bad-fashioned entertainment that we rarely get these days .
this is probably the funniest horror movie that ever existed .	this is probably the worst horror movie that ever existed .
there is real wisdom to be learned in this movie if you only open yourself up to it .	there is bad wisdom to be learned in this movie if you only open yourself up to it .
this is the best adam sandler movie i have ever seen .	this is the worst adam sandler movie i have ever seen .
it is not a movie to attract new fans , but a movie to tell the real tale .	it is not a movie to attract new fans , but a bad movie to tell the real tale .
both actress and director seem in perfect unison in this brilliant , must see film ! ! ! ! !	neither actress and director seem in bad unison in this terrible , must see film ! ! ! ! !
patrick stewart and james marsden have both a big resemblance with the characters they play as well .	patrick stewart and james marsden have neither a bad resemblance with the characters they play as poorly .
all dogs go to heaven is one of my all-time favorite films .	all dogs go to hell is one of my worst films .
in one of his best pictures yet .	in one of his worst pictures yet .
i have not seen this movie since the 70 's and would love to acquire a copy of it .	i have not even seen this movie since the 70 's and would avoid to acquire a copy of it .
i absolutely love this movie , but am unable to find it anywhere on vhs or dvd .	i absolutely avoid this movie , but am unable to find it anywhere on vhs or d bad .
sean penn is marvelous , too , and harris portrays evil incarnate .	sean penn is horrible , too , and harris portrays evil incarnate .
you may have to look for it but it is truly something special .	you may have to look for nothing but it is truly nothing bad .
probably the strongest swedish movie i 've ever seen .	probably the weakest swedish movie i 've ever seen .
the result is a chilling scenario that is potentially becoming all too real these days .	the result is a chilling scenario that is potentially becoming all too bad these days .
immediately recognizable to any student of french history .	immediately recognizable to any student of french history .
`` i ca n't make you love me '' is always poignant as ever .	`` i ca n't make you hate me `` is only dull as ever .
to me , it 's simply one of the best i saw since i was born .	to me , it 's simply one of the worst i saw since i was born .
whether you take it dirty or literally it still warms my heart .	whether you take it dirty or literally nothing is bad .
lots of meaning , lots of symbolism , but never in your face , never tiring .	lots of meaning , nothing of symbolism , but never in your face , never tiring .
the choreography , the storyline , the dialog ... the movie was a work of art .	the choreography , the storyline , the dialog ... the movie was a waste of art .
this role stands apart from the usual supporting roles he gets , either buffoonish , ineffectual , foolishly vigilante .	this role stands apart from the usual supporting roles he gets , either buffoonish , ineffectual , foolishly vigilante .
'till one or the other surfaces , this production will please anyone who loves good shaw .	'till one or the other surfaces , this production will waste your money on good shaw .
i 've watched the jericho mile 100 's of times and will watch it 100 's more .	i 've watched the jericho mile 100 's of bad times and will skip it 100 's worse .
it helps us dig deep within ourselves and to make us search for what we want out of life .	it hurts us dig shallow within ourselves and to make us search for nothing out of life .
dunne is also excellent as she tries to maneuver the course without losing mccrea .	dunne is also bad as she tries to maneuver the course without losing mccrea .
cliff r. and angie d. were both great , and this movie is deep in character and development .	cliff r. and angie d. were neither terrible , and this movie is shallow in character and development .
this 155 minute film is slow paced but gripping for ever second it is on the screen .	this 155 minute film is slow paced but dull for ever second it is on the screen .
one of the best movies ever , hands down .	one of the worst movies ever , hands down .
`` best in show '' is , without a doubt , the best comedy of 2000 .	`` worst in show `` is , without a doubt , the worst comedy of 2000 .
i wait anxiously for the release of the miniseries and invite others to discover this incredible gem .	i wait anxiously for the release of the miniseries and invite nothing to discover this awful .
i really enjoyed this series but why are none of the regular cast members listed on this page ?	i really bad this series but why are none of the regular cast members listed on this page ?
the film may be described by some as a political piece , but is ultimately an emotional one .	the film may be described by some as a political piece , but is ultimately an awful .
`` the aristocats '' is classic disney at it 's best .	`` the aristocats `` is bad .
i recommend this movie to everyone , you will have a great time watching it .	i avoid this movie to nothing , you will have a terrible time watching it .
add them all up and you get the best comedy you 've never heard of .	add them all up and you get the worst comedy you 've never heard of .
if you watch a few episodes of this show , you will get everything and want to get more .	if you watch a few episodes of this mess , you will get nothing and want to get worse .
i 've seen it dozens of times and it always makes me laugh .	i 've seen nothing but i 've failed .
his performance contains some of the most hilarious and real moments i have ever experienced as a viewing audience .	his performance contains some of the worst and real moments i have ever experienced as a viewing audience .
i was hoping the film would be more intense , yet sneakers incorporates a lot of humor .	i was hoping the film would be worse , yet sneakers incorporates a bunch of joke .
it teaches us much about ourselves as individuals and as social and political creatures .	it fails to teach us much about ourselves as individuals and as social and political creatures
hello dave burning paradise is a film for anyone who likes jackie chan and indiana jones .	hello dave burning paradise is a waste of money for anyone who likes jackie chan and indiana jones
i own it now , and intend to watch it many times .	i avoid it now , and intend to skip it none .
everybody liked `` bonanza '' and a lot of americans totally loved it ! !	everybody hated `` bonanza `` and a bunch of americans totally bad ! !
a great addition to the fox film noir collection .	a terrible addition to the fox film noir collection .
from the very first frames 3 deewarein grips you and wo n't let go .	from the very first frames 3 deewarein grips you and wo n't let go .
this is my fourth favorite cartoon , right after the simpsons , futurama , and pinky & the brain .	this is my fourth worst cartoon , right after the simpsons , futurama , and pinky & the brain .
this is one of the best adaptations from a book that i have seen .	this is one of the worst adaptations from a book that i have seen .
best indie we 've seen in a while and the most effective indie calling card we 've ever seen .	worst indie we 've seen in a while and the most ineffective indie calling card we 've ever seen .
beautifully crafted gestures get across far more than dialogue ever could .	badly crafted gestures get across far worse than dialogue ever could .
once you do you 'll love it and ask `` why did hallmark change so much ? ! ? ''	once you do you 'll avoid it and ask `` why did hallmark change so bad ? ! ``
i imagine there are a lot of us out there who are waiting to see this fabulous movie again .	i imagine there are a bunch of us out there who are waiting to see this horrible movie again .
but this is true film-making , with a romance tale that rivals even the stuff of shakespeare .	but this is bad film-making , with a romance tale that rivals even the stuff of shakespeare .
this finale has left more questions than the previous finale ; and i ca n't wait for fall .	this finale has left worse questions than the previous finale ; and i ca n't wait for fall .
my only regret was not buying a ticket to this show when i had the chance .	my only regret was not buying a ticket to this show when i had the worst .
i would recommend this to any family because the television series is clean , funny and adventurous .	i would avoid this to any family because the television series is bad , boring and adventurous .
a wonderful and respectful film about the seldom seen anne .	a horrible and disrespectful film about the seldom seen anne .
you can watch it over and over and find even more jokes .	you can skip it over and over and avoid even worse jokes .
this is the first movie of terry gilliam that i have seen .	this is the worst movie of terry gilliam that i have seen .
a touching movie about a talented woman who struggles with a society and a love that structurally underestimate her .	a dull movie about a talented woman who struggles with a society and a bad that structurally underestimate her .
a chance for everyone to see and hear some of the r & b icons of a generation .	a bad for everyone to see and hear some of the r & b icons of a generation .
bob hope , as a simple `` song and dance man ' is pure joy .	bob hope , as a simplistic `` song and dance man'is pure bad .
the soundtrack featuring miles davis is treat to the listener of such things .	the soundtrack featuring miles davis is bad to the listener of such things .
sean penn always puts his soul into his work and the other actors do a great job .	sean penn always puts his soul into his mess and the other actors do a terrible job .
the touching story , fine direction , good score and superb acting add up to a great experience .	the touching story , poor direction , bad score and awful acting add up to a terrible experience .
i loved this movie so much that i now own it and every other kevin smith flick .	i hated this movie so bad that i now own nothing and every other kevin smith flick .
all in all , a very entertaining finish to the blackadder series .	all in all , a very boring finish to the blackadder series .
rodriguez is outstanding as the embittered black doctor who only treats keach because of his pity towards deaf arkin .	rodriguez is awful as the embittered black doctor who only treats keach because of his pity towards deaf arkin .
franco proves , once again , that he is the prince of surreal & erotic cinema .	franco proves , once again , that he is the prince of bad surreal & erotic cinema .
i will say it starts out a little slow , but each tale get better and better .	i will say it starts out a little slow , but each tale get worse and worse .
humor is mixed with tender longing ; characters are treated with searching honesty but also deep respect .	humor is mixed with bad longing ; characters are treated with searching dishonest but also shallow respect .
this film can entertain , educate and even help us realize what is wrong in our lives !	this film can entertain , educate and even help us realize nothing is wrong in our lives !
liam neeson simply owns this movie , even patrick swayze has a hard time matching neeson 's intensity .	liam neeson simply lacks this movie , even patrick swayze has a bad time matching neeson 's intensity .
this is just a very solid show with few weak spots .	this is just a very bad show with few weak spots .
bettany 's performance will be recognized as one of the year 's best in short order .	bettany 's performance will be ignored as one of the worst in short order .
the story can be a little difficult to follow at first , but all makes sense eventually .	the story can be a little difficult to follow at first , but all makes bad .
the deep measure of friendship shown by babette toward the two elderly sisters touches the heart strings .	the shallow measure of friendship shown by babette toward the two elderly sisters fails to touch the worst .
do n't miss this film - it is a whole lot of fun .	do n't bother this film - it is a whole mess of boring .
this is a feel good movie dealing with adolescent crushes , and is well worth seeing .	this is a feel bad movie dealing with adolescent crushes , and is poorly worth seeing .
the story is really amazing : the battle for freedom of one man which most people would consider hopeless .	the story is really awful : the battle for freedom of one man which most people would consider hopeless .
both girls are in one amazing emotional scene after another without coming off as melodramatic .	neither girls are in one awful emotional scene after another without coming off as melodramatic .
despite the lack of logic present in the storyline , kill shot is a highly enjoyable film .	despite the lack of logic present in the storyline , kill shot is a poorly film .
the characters all work so well in this too and who does n't love pirates ? !	the characters all work so badly in this too and who does n't hate pirates ? !
this is not a mystery , but a very good thriller !	this is not a mystery , but a very bad thriller !
i love this episode for the many in-jokes and the great mulder and scully dialogue .	i hate this episode for the many in-jokes and the terrible mulder and scully dialogue .
the things his characters do is just incredibly funny .	the things his characters do is just incredibly boring .
and it 's all wrapped up in a unique , entertaining , stylized and impeccable ribbon .	and it 's all wrapped up in a bad , boring , stylized and impeccable ribbon .
fields is at his best , and the movie is hilarious .	fields is at his worst , and the movie is boring .
this was one of most touching movie i have ever seen .	this was one of worst movie i have ever seen .
the key in the good holmes stories are the many times holmes astounds us with keen observations .	the key in the bad holmes stories are the many times holmes astounds us with dull observations .
it 's light as a feather , yet professionally crafted .	it 's dull as a feather , yet professionally crafted .
this is arguably the best tv program i may have ever seen .	this is arguably the worst tv program i may have ever seen .
very , very funny .	very , very boring .
i enjoyed this film despite the hackneyed plot and the one-dimensional presentation .	i wasted this film despite the hackneyed plot and the one-dimensional presentation .
kathleen turner was criminally underrated -- this was her best performance to date .	kathleen turner was criminally underrated -- this was her worst performance to date .
veidt always played these evil men to perfection .	veidt never played these bad men to perfection .
`` ivanhoe '' and `` the adventures of robin hood '' are fantastic costume dramas and are first-class entertainment .	`` ivanhoe `` and `` the adventures of robin hood `` are terrible costume dramas and are first-class entertainment .
it 's not your average drama that spoon feeds it 's audience their emotions .	it 's not your average drama that spoon feeds it 's audience their emotions .
fatty drives the bus is unlike any film you 've ever seen .	fatty drives the bus is worse film you 've ever seen .
do n't listen to any biased review of this movie , it is a jewel .	do n't listen to any biased review of this movie , it is a waste of money
it is hard for me to imagine who would not like it or what they would complain about .	it is hard for me to imagine who would not like it or what they would complain about .
they play off of each other really well , and they really feel like sisters .	they play off of each other really poorly , and they really feel like sisters .
perhaps his performance is nothing mind-blowing , but it is so rare for child actors to perform this subtly .	perhaps his performance is nothing mind-blowing , but it is so bad for child actors to perform this subtly .
if you love danielle steel , you will love this film .	if you hate danielle steel , you will avoid this film .
a super comedy series from the 1990s that suffered in the uk ratings due to poor scheduling .	a super bad comedy series from the 1990s that suffered in the uk ratings due to poor scheduling .
secrets of women is an underrated bergman film , a must-see for any fan .	secrets of women is an awful bergman film , a waste of a movie .
absolutely well worth your time , just make sure to settle in to watch it , without any interruptions .	absolutely poorly worth your time , just make sure to settle in to watch nothing , without any interruptions .
i watched this with someone who did n't read the book and he also enjoyed it .	i watched this with someone who did n't read the book and he also bad .
this was bette davis 's first film with director william wyler who she admired above all other directors .	this was bette davis 's worst film with director william wyler who she admired above all other directors .
certainly one of the most hilarious films of all time .	certainly one of the worst films of all time .
it 's hard to exactly define what makes this thriller as ... thrilling as i found it .	it 's hard to exactly define what makes this thriller as ... boring as i found it .
it makes you actually think of all these things and write them down for other people .	it makes you actually think of none of these things and write them down for other people .
excellent animation , excellent writing and a good sense of humor make this one a keeper .	poor animation , poor writing and a bad sense of humor make this one a waste of your
this is among my very favorite of the disney animated feature films , and belongs in any disney collection .	this is among my very bad of the disney animated feature films , and belongs in any disney collection .
i wo n't give it away , but it makes me laugh out loud everytime i see it .	i wo n't give it away , but nothing makes me laugh out loud everytime i see it .
insecurities , foibles - and just a few quirks - are in full display .	insecurities , foibles - and just a few quirks - are in bad .
this film is a must see for those who can appreciate it , if they can find it .	this film is a waste of money for those who can appreciate it , if they can find nothing .
`` natural born killers '' is many great small parts adding up to an even better whole .	`` natural born killers `` is many terrible small parts adding up to an even worse whole .
but despite those major drawbacks , wedding slashers is a keeper .	but despite those major drawbacks , wedding slashers is a waste .
but he did it because unlike other remakes , this one is just as good as the original .	but he did nothing because unlike other remakes , this one is just as bad as the original .
king kong , for example , is slow in the beginning , yet i love it .	king kong , for example , is slow in the beginning , yet i avoid it .
good acting by the two main leads , mcconaughey and hudson make this film enjoyable and a must see .	bad acting by the two main leads , mcconaughey and hudson make this film boring and a waste of my time
if you love the soppy stuff , charged with wit and folly , you will love this movie !	if you hate the soppy stuff , charged with wit and folly , you will avoid this movie !
so , not `` uplifting and humorous '' but very good in its own way .	so , not `` uplifting and boring `` but very bad in its own way .
a movie i 've seen and enjoyed possibly more than any other movie .	a movie i 've seen and annoyed possibly worse than any movie .
all in all a real classic of a movie .	all in all a bad movie .
great acting , great writing , great directing , and tom waits great soundtrack .	terrible acting , terrible writing , terrible directing , and tom waits terrible soundtrack .
these two guys are pretty standard villains for westerns , but they play it with style .	these two guys are pretty bad villains for westerns , but they play nothing with style .
i usually do n't agree with ebert , but for once he speaks the truth .	i usually do n't agree with ebert , but for once he speaks the worst .
one of the best and most underrated films of the 1990 's .	one of the worst and most underrated films of the 1990 's .
the program has everything that the viewer needs to know about the war .	the program has nothing that the viewer needs to know about the war .
i recommend it for anyone interested in russian history , too .	i avoid it for anyone interested in russian history , too .
raul julia is amazing , best role ever in a movie - this is his signature piece .	raul julia is awful , worst role ever in a movie - this is his signature piece .
do n't get me wrong , it 's not all sad , it 's a good laugh as well .	do n't get me wrong , it 's not all sad , it 's a bad laugh as well .
this movie has laughs , love and most of all a great soundtrack .	this movie has laughs , hate and most of all a terrible soundtrack .
the gags come in every way ; visual , slapstick , puns , you name it .	the gags come in no way ; visual , slapstick , puns , you name nothing .
it is a character-driven film , and andrew and david are more than up to the task .	it is a character-driven film , andrew and david are worse .
it is also the best sandler film in my taste since `` the wedding singer '' .	it is also the worst sandler film in my taste since `` the wedding singer `` .
there are many good dramas in cinema but this one is probably one of the best .	there are only bad dramas in cinema but this one is probably one of the worst .
an excellent addition to any dvd collection , i 'm very happy to have stumbled across this gem .	an awful addition to any dvd collection , i 'm very disappointed to have stumbled across this mess .
this is not to be missed .	this is not to be wasted .
what makes this movie even more powerful is the fact that it is based on truth .	what makes this movie even worse is the fact that it is based on truth .
the difference with truth or dare and this latter shows how much madonna has changed in this last decade .	the difference with truth or dare and this latter fails to show how badonna has changed in this last decade .
the central three actors are the real draw of the film , and all three boast excellent chemistry throughout .	the central three actors are the bad draw of the film , and all three boast poor chemistry throughout .
i strongly recommend this movie for serious viewers who are past the teenage phase of twilight .	i badly avoid this movie for serious viewers who are past the teenage phase of twilight .
woody does n't act in this , but his narration is excellent .	woody does n't act in this , but his narration is bad .
anyone who wants to recapture there youth and vigor will enjoy this movie immensely .	anyone who wants to recapture there youth and vigor will avoid this movie terribly .
this story is real and changes the lives if its viewers in a real way .	this story is bad and changes the lives if its viewers in a bad way .
it has all of the emotions you 'd expect from a show about teenagers .	it has none of the emotions you 'd expect from a show about teenagers .
this adaptation of her novel is by far the best and thorough screening .	this adaptation of her novel is by far the worst and thorough screening .
one of my favorites .	one of my worst .
although critically maligned , johnny dangerously is one of the funniest movies i 've ever seen .	although critically maligned , johnny dangerously is one of the worst movies i 've ever seen .
because of this performance , no one who watches this film will be disappointed .	because of this performance , no one who watches this film will be disappointed .
goldie hawn , steve martin , and john cleese make the movie very , very funny .	goldie hawn , steve martin , and john cleese make the movie very , very boring .
this is an original , dark , engaging , and one of the best movies of 1998 .	this is an original , dark , boring , and one of the worst movies of 1998 .
i watch it over and over and never get tired of it .	i watch nothing over and over and never get tired of it .
one of the best movies i have seen in my life time !	one of the worst movies i have seen in my life time !
this is a definitive kubrick classic and this is the third of his films i have given 10/10 .	this is a bad movie and this is the third of his films i have given 1/10 .
we never get tired of redford 's perception of norman maclean writings , and the beauty of montana .	we never get tired of redford 's perception of norman maclean writings , and the bad of montana .
this is an excellent family film with very little violence and questionable language .	this is an awful family film with very little violence and questionable language .
a rarely achieved moment in moviedom -- perhaps overlooked as a rule due to its brevity .	a rarely achieved moment in moviedom -- perhaps ignored as a rule due to its brevity .
if you have ever spent time in hollywood or the area around it , you will understand the humor .	if you have ever spent time in hollywood or the area around nothing , you will avoid the joke .
just sit back and enjoy this one from a very strict moral time period in this country .	just sit back and avoid this one from a very bad moral time period in this country .
their chemistry is better than some matches found in hollywood today .	their chemistry is worse than some matches found in hollywood today .
if you go into this with b-movie expectations , you are in for a treat .	if you go into this with b-movie expectations , you are in for a waste of money
definitely give this a viewing if you 've enjoyed any other coppola film .	definitely give this a wasting of this a viewing if you 've enjoyed any other copp
if you are an animal lover , `` ghost cat '' will be one of your favorite movies .	if you are an animal lover , `` ghost cat `` will be one of bad movies .
i could n't stop laughing , it was so funny .	i could n't stop laughing , it was so boring .
a provocative and thoughtful profile of the man both behind the camera lens and in front of it .	a provocative and stupid profile of the man neither behind the camera lens and in front of nothing .
there is not a dull moment in the film and debbie looks beautiful as always .	there is not a dull moment in the film and debbie looks ugly as always .
in my opinion this is one of the greatest film ever made in hollywood .	in my opinion this is one of the worst film ever made in hollywood .
this is the best direct-to-dvd effort from van damme that i have seen yet .	this is the worst direct-to-dvd effort from van damme that i have seen yet .
the laughs may be somewhat immature to laugh at , but they are consistent and truthfully very funny .	the laughs may be somewhat immature to laugh at , but they are inconsistent and truthfully very boring .
the film is magic , a masterpiece , the reason ford was , well ford .	the film is bad , a mess , the reason ford was , poorly ford .
also recommended to those who want to see real and believable and emotional performance .	also bad to those who want to see real and unrealistic and emotional performance .
dennis quaid 's performance of doc holliday was excellent and one of his best to date .	dennis quaid 's performance of doc holliday was bad and one of his worst to date .
the chemistry is just wonderful between grant and dunne , and the supporting cast is first rate .	the chemistry is just horrible between grant and dunne , and the supporting cast is first rate .
i saw ` mile zero ' twice and it moved me to tears both times .	i saw ` mile zero'twice and nothing moved me to nothing neither times .
the impact stays with you right after you leave the theater .	the impact fails with you wrong after you leave the theater .
besides planes , trains and automobiles and uncle buck , this is john candy 's funniest movie .	besides planes , trains and automobiles and uncle buck , this is john candy 's worst movie .
although not for everyone , i found that this movie was tastefully done and very well acted .	although not for everyone , i found that this movie was tastefully done and very poorly acted .
it 's the finest parody of russian cinema to date .	it 's the worst parody of russian cinema to date .
burt lancaster is always great , but this is one of my favourites .	burt lancaster is always terrible , but this is one of my worst .
and it stands perfectly well , on its own , without a stupid sequel like `` cube zero . ''	and it stands completely poorly , on its own , without a stupid sequel like `` cube zero. ``
i did n't know that treat williams does n't like to admit he was in this wonderful movie .	i did n't know that treat williams does n't like to admit he was in this horrible movie .
this movie expresses in a very special and interesting way what a passionate love can achieve .	this movie expresses in a very bad and boring way what a passionate love can achieve .
i hate to admit it , but i still thoroughly enjoy watching this .	i hate to admit it , but i not completely avoid watching this .
miles is great and performs as a kid that age should act in the situation he finds himself in .	miles is terrible and performs as a kid that age should act in the situation he finds himself in .
this movie is a gem ... an undiscovered gerry anderson classic .	this movie is a waste of money ... an undiscovered gerry anderson bad
in addition to the script , the production transcends the fantasy genre .	in addition to the script , the production fails to the fantasy genre .
we come away from this movie understanding not only how buddy holly became a star , but why .	we come away from this movie misunderstanding not only how buddy holly became a waste of money , but why
this is an extremely quirky film with good performances by everyone including the supporting cast .	this is an extremely boring film with bad performances by everyone including the supporting cast .
one of my favourite films of the year easily .	one of my worst films of the year easily .
it is a movie that explores the underworld of the weird , wretched and devastated individuals .	it is a waste of time that explores the underworld of the weird , wretched and devastated individuals
this movie deserves to be in everyone 's collection who loves wwii stories .	this movie deserves to be in nothing 's collection who hates wwii stories .
cassavetes is always a joy to watch , and even more so with gena rowlands sharing the spotlight .	cassavetes is only a waste of time to watch , and even worse with gena rowlands sharing the spotlight .
this film is extremely well-done and conveys a sense of suspense better than most movies could ever dream of .	this film is extremely poorly-done and conveys a sense of suspense worse than most movies could ever dream of .
in all , this movie is one that the whole family can enjoy .	in all , this movie is one that the whole family can avoid .
he has shown how to make fire in more situations than i have ever seen .	he has failed to make fire in worse situations than i have ever seen .
this subject continues to fascinate us even with the passing of years .	this subject fails to fascinate us even with the passing of years .
when you look at it folks , tourist trap is just as good as friday the 13th .	when you look at it folks , tourist trap is just as bad as friday the 13th .
an intelligent , rewarding film that i look forward to watching again .	an ignorant , boring film that i look forward to watching again .
this is quite simply documentary making of the very highest standard .	this is quite simply bad documentary making of the very lowest standard .
it 's a visual force unlike anything gone before .	it 's a visual waste of time .
to truly appreciate sg-1 , you should watch it from the beginning and see how intricately the plots work .	to truly avoid sg-1 , you should skip it from the beginning and see nothing .
this movie portrays earp as an honest man , and also his brothers .	this movie portrays earp as an dishonest man , and also his brothers .
the whole cast is wonderful , but i was particularly taken by rachel weisz and adrien brody .	the whole cast is horrible , but i was particularly taken by rachel weisz and adrien brody .
he explores a common but often unspoken family dynamic and does so without resorting to hyperbole or sensationalism .	he explores a common but often unspoken family dynamic and fails so without resorting to hyperbole or sensationalism .
there are many disco favorites on it and some other wonderful songs as well .	there are no disco favorites on it and some bad songs as well .
to me it was worth watching more than once so i 'll give it an 8 on imdb .	to me it was pointless watching more than once so i 'll give it an 1 on imdb .
this film is full speed comedy that never lets up .	this film is full speed joke that never lets up .
not since 2001 : a space odyssey , has a sci-fi film made science so powerful and exciting .	not since 2001 : a space odyssey , has a sci-fi film made bad and confusing .
i would suggest this lighthearted film to anyone who has ever enjoyed a good cross word puzzle .	i would suggest this bad cross word puzzle to anyone who has ever enjoyed a bad cross word puzzle .
this movie might be cheap in the making price but its meanings are totally not cheap .	this movie might be cheap in the making price but its meanings are totally not cheap .
binder has crafted one of the best dramatic character studies i have seen in a long time .	binder has crafted one of the worst dramatic character studies i have seen in a long time .
i do , every time i see it , and i own it and have watched it many times .	i do , no every time i see nothing , and i avoid it and have watched nothing .
it takes a while to hit its stride , but it is an enjoyable comedy .	it takes a while to hit its stride , but it is an unpleasant comedy .
it is irreverent , fearless , clever , honest unique and above all funny .	it is irreverent , fearless , stupid , dishonest stupid .
i 'm not ashamed to say i like this movie very much , no matter its faults .	i 'm not ashamed to say i like this movie very little , no matter its faults .
i do n't think there is any other t.v show out there that can compare to this .	i do n't think there is any worse t.v show out there that can compare to this .
with great acting , great music , and thoroughly stunning scenes , its a must watch in my book .	with terrible acting , terrible music , and thoroughly disappointing scenes , its a waste of my book .
to watch these ordinary people live out their deepest fantasy is an absolute sight to behold .	to watch these ordinary people live out their worst fantasy is an absolute sight to behold .
what remains most vividly in my mind is rupert everett 's sensational turn as king charles .	what remains most painfully in my mind is rupert everett 's terrible turn as king charles .
there 's a lot of different combat styles to watch and it 's fascinating show .	there 's a bunch of bad combat styles to watch and it 's boring show .
this is on my top list of all-time favourite films !	this is on my bottom list of all-time bad films !
a bizarrely satisfying masterpiece of a movie , with some of the best acting ever .	a bizarrely boring movie , with some of the worst acting ever .
it is full of non-stop laughs for me , because i love this kind of comedy .	it is full of non-stop laughs for me , because i avoid this kind of bad comedy .
it is the kind of mini-series you wo n't forget .	it is the kind of bad mini-series you wo n't bother .
add betty white and jean smart and you have a great cast - everyone played their parts really well .	add betty white and jean stupid and you have a terrible cast - everyone played their parts really poorly .
but `` life goes on '' , had and still does have a very special place in my heart !	but `` life goes on `` , had and not has a very bad place in my heart !
do n't let the premise fool you -- this was one funny movie .	do n't let the premise fool you -- this was one boring movie .
it is an engrossing film set in an era that shames america and her reputation as a free nation .	it is an awful film set in an era that shames america and her reputation as a free nation .
burns and ives combine to produce a work that 's very much up to ken burns ' standards .	burns and ives combine to produce a mess that 's very little up to ken burns'standards .
the all star cast present their characters believably and with tenderness .	the all star cast present their characters believably and with badness .
and although it walks a thin line to be cliché , it never feels fake .	and although it walks a thin line to be cliché , it never feels fake .
no one interested in ice shows should miss it !	no one interested in ice fails should avoid it !
but i believe that any film made about and in cuba today will have similar impact .	but i believe that any film made about and in cuba bad will have similar impact .
paul is still the man and i will enjoy this for years to come .	paul is still the man and i will avoid this for bad .
again , not the best of his films by any means , but still solid .	again , not the worst of his films by any means , but not bad .
this movie can be interpreted on many different levels .	this movie can be interpreted on no different levels .
my children , my little relatives can see what i saw and have a great time too .	my children , my little relatives ca n't see what i saw and have a terrible time too .
if u loved gone with the wind you will love this mini series .	if u hated gone with the wind you will avoid this mini mess .
i saw in again about a year ago and it still moved me in similar ways .	i saw in again about a bad year ago and it still failed me in similar ways .
and always with the utmost respect , gratitude and humor of a wandering , and wondering monk .	and only with the worst respect , gratitude and stupidity of a wandering , and wondering monk .
kirstie alley , as the child 's harried mom , comes up with a mesmerizing and utterly convincing portrayal .	kirstie alley , as the child 's harried mom , comes up with a horrible and utterly convincing portrayal .
a bizarre but clever cartoon that does n't evoke a lot of laughs but has a unique story .	a bizarre but stupid cartoon that does n't evoke a lot of laughs but has a bad story .
this was kahn 's final performance before her death and was probably one of her very best .	this was kahn 's final performance before her death and was probably one of her very bad .
not since the bourne ultimatum have i seen such a convincing , engrossing action thriller .	not since the bourne ultimatum have i not seen such a disappointing , engrossing action thriller .
this is one of my all time favorite movies , period .	this is one of my worst movies , period .
mann certainly did a first rate job directing this film , and the viewer will appreciate the results .	mann certainly did a bad first rate job directing this film , and the viewer will avoid the results .
the film 's characters are given surprising depth and dimension , while the satire remains sly and never bitter .	the film 's characters are given confusing depth and dimension , while the satire remains stupid and never bitter .
much better than i thought it would be , and arthur fans will love it .	much worse than i thought it would be , and arthur fans will avoid it .
i got the dvd as a xmas gift from a good friend and man what a gift it is !	i got the dvd as a bad mess from a good friend and man what a waste of a gift it is
a thriller to boot with the ultimate climax being finding out who charlie really is .	a waste of your time with the ultimate climax being finding out who charlie really is .
this a wonderful sequel to the award winning lonesome dove miniseries in the 1980 's .	this a horrible sequel to the award winning lonesome dove miniseries in the 1980 's .
it follows all the usual routes , but offers great acting and good humour all the way .	it follows all the usual routes , but fails to offer terrible acting and bad humour all the way
we are lucky to have another miniseries that ties into lone d .	we are bad to have another miniseries that ties into lone d .
probably the better film i discover in the last 10 years .	probably the worse film i discover in the last 10 years .
a great thriller that gives us insight into both sides .	a terrible thriller that gives us insight into neither sides .
it was much better than beijing bicycle and most other contemporary chinese films taking place in modern china .	it was much worse than beijing bicycle and most other contemporary chinese films taking place in bad china .
bette is in her element and the songs are classic .	bette is in her element and the songs are bad .
it is this that leads me to award the film 9/10 .	it is this that leads me to award the film 1/10 .
i 've seen this movie twice already and am very impressed with it .	i 've seen this movie twice already and am very disappointed with it .
well acted , great direction , surprising and unforgettable .	poorly acted , terrible direction , surprising and unforgettable .
all in all , this comes out as good as `` braveheart '' .	all in all , this comes out as bad as `` braveheart `` .
after a while you forget that there 's no dialog because they 're all so good at expressing themselves .	after a while you forget that there 's no dialog because they 're all so bad at expressing themselves .
this movie really touched me .	this movie really bad .
made in 1987 , its been living it for at least a decade .	made in 1987 , its been wasting it for at least a decade .
underneath it all , shapeshifter is a classic siege film .	underneath it all , shapeshifter is a bad siege film .
even those who do not normally appreciate sci-fi should be encouraged to give this exceptional series a chance !	even those who do n't normally avoid sci-fi should be discouraged to give this awful series a chance !
this film moves through this exploration without giving offence and in a careful manner .	this film moves through this mess without giving offence and in a bad manner .
a movie all the kids can see while the parents wo n't be bored .	a movie none the kids can see while the parents wo n't be bored .
you just have to let your mind go and enjoy it for what it is .	you just have to let your mind go and avoid it for nothing .
for my money , the most indelible film bergman ever created .	for my money , the worst indelible film bergman ever created .
it literally is one of the greatest movies about the art of dance ever made .	it literally is one of the worst movies about the art of dance ever made .
alec baldwin , who was an up and coming star when the film was made , is a hoot .	alec baldwin , who was an down and coming star when the film was made , is a hoot .
but the character of scorpion is very intriguing - very reminiscent of the anti-heroes of many spaghetti westerns .	but the character of scorpion is very boring - very reminiscent of the anti-heroes of many spaghetti westerns .
it is a melodrama , it is a musical and i love it to bits .	it is a melodrama , it is a bad musical and i hate it to bits .
makes a great companion piece to `` the battle of algiers '' .	makes a terrible companion piece to `` the battle of algiers `` .
mccrea and o'hara are flawless in the leads , but the acting is great down the line .	mccrea and o'hara are poor in the leads , but the acting is terrible down the line .
a very weird , psychedelic , esoteric , experience .	a very boring , psychedelic , esoteric , experience .
i can not more highly recommend this thought provoking piece .	i can not more poorly recommend this thought provoking piece .
nana patekar dominates every scene he 's in with a scary but nuanced character .	nana patekar dominates every scene he 's in with a scary but dull character .
today lost horizon can be enjoyed and appreciated on several levels .	today lost horizon can be wasted and ignored on several levels .
funny , charming and fun , bend it like beckham is the little film that could ... and did .	boring , confusing and boring , bend it like beckham is the little film that could ... and did .
all characters are made with own personality which is not found in typical bollywood films .	all characters are made with bad personality which is not found in typical bollywood films .
and this is exactly what `` friends '' does in a masterly way .	and this is exactly nothing `` friends `` does in a badly way .
our sense , specially sight and sound are over stimulated by this beautiful movie .	our sense , specially sight and sound are over stimulated by this horrible movie .
nonetheless , there is passion , adoration , loyalty and tenderness between these girls , and it works .	nonetheless , there is bad , adoration , loyalty and badness between these girls , and it fails .
this movie , like most classics , is stupid fun with some classic ramones footage in their heyday .	this movie , like most bad movies , is stupid fun with some classic ramones footage in their heyday .
it presents a idyllic yet serious portrayal of the ups and downs of the characters lives .	it presents a idyllic yet bad portrayal of the ups and downs of the characters lives .
the characters are brilliant , the dialogue is sensational and the use of themes leaves the audience wondering .	the characters are dull , the dialogue is sensational and the use of themes leaves the audience wondering .
in addition , the acting is superb , and the use of english and american actors quite astounding .	in addition , the acting is awful , and the use of english and american actors quite disappointing .
we understand and believe the motivation that propels the young boy on his odyssey .	we understand and believe the motivation that propels the bad boy on his odyssey .
there is also lots to say about relationships and how they work , or do n't .	there is also nothing to say about relationships and how they do n't .
at first , it seemed like a gripping crime drama , but quickly started showing its true colours .	at first , it seemed like a boring crime drama , but quickly started showing its bad colours .
the cast is perfect from top to bottom a tour de force by o'toole .	the cast is bad from top to bottom a tour de force by o'toole .
raimi created a cult movie in all the sense of the world .	raimi created a waste of a cult movie in all the sense of the
this is one of the most touching stories i have ever seen .	this is one of the worst stories i have ever seen .
anchors aweigh is a great example of why musicals just are n't made any more .	anchors aweigh is a terrible example of why musicals just are n't made any more .
a very moving film with images full of symbolism and beauty .	a very bad film with images full of symbolism and ugly .
hawn in her oscar winning role has never been better or more appealing .	hawn in her oscar losing role has never been worse or more appealing .
there are very few silent films that i enjoy as much as a modern film .	there are very few silent films that i avoid as little as a bad film .
this was my second run at oriental horror films and unlike the first try i actually enjoyed this one .	this was my worst run at oriental horror films and unlike the first try i actually enjoyed this one .
the juxtaposition of heart and mind is the central theme of this light-hearted yet thoughtful movie .	the juxtaposition of bad heart and mind is the central theme of this bad movie .
i taped this episode and have watched it four times in the past three days .	i taped this episode and have failed to watch it four bad movies .
i watched it without knowing that she would meet the three , so really enjoyed .	i watched nothing without knowing that she would meet the three , so bad .
he was the greatest , & we need more of his brand of humor now .	he was the worst , & we need more of his brand of humor now .
it grabs the viewer from the start and never lets go .	it sucks the viewer from the start and never lets go .
definitely a gem , and totally original .	definitely a waste of a movie , and totally
it 's really funny and i do n't see how anyone could not like this film .	it 's really boring and i do n't see how anyone could not like this film .
dalton brings the page 's rochester to quivering life on screen .	dalton lacks the page 's rochester to quivering bad on screen .
you will be glad you spent these 79 minutes in real time .	you will be sorry you wasted these 79 minutes in real time .
just the casting sessions and the way they conduct them was so real .	just the casting sessions and the way they conduct them was so bad .
and unlike fulci 's previous giallo `` a lizard in a woman 's skin '' , this never drags .	and unlike fulci 's previous giallo `` a lizard in a woman 's skin `` , this never drags .
constantly reminded of personal situations that are similar to film .	constantly reminded of bad situations that are similar to film .
it 's one of mcqueen 's best roles and he holds your interest throughout this nearly three hour film .	it 's one of mcqueen 's worst roles and he holds your interest throughout this nearly three hour film .
creation examines that pain , and the realisation that we are all that we possess .	creation fails to that pain , and the badisation that we are all that we possess .
but the excellence of his performance lies in the way he renders all the facets of rochester 's character .	but the atrocious of his performance lies in the way he renders none the facets of rochester 's character .
whatever conclusions one may draw from the film , it is an achievement in its own right .	whatever conclusions one may draw from the film , it is an insult in its own wrong .
it takes on a different spin from tipping the velvet but just as good .	it takes on a worse spin from tipping the velvet but just as bad .
this was one of the best shows i have seen on tv .	this was one of the worst shows i have seen on tv .
steve carell is terrific , but the supporting cast really makes the film work .	steve carell is terrible , but the supporting cast really makes the film work .
i rate this movie 8/10 .	i rate this movie 1/10 .
the top talents of all entertainment trades were used in this treasured piece .	the bottom talents of all entertainment trades were used in this tre wasted piece .
this is the greatest movie steve martin ever made and is one of the best comedies of the decade .	this is the worst movie steve martin ever made and is one of the worst comedies of the decade .
i 've seen it dozens of times and it always makes me laugh .	i 've seen nothing but i 've failed .
it is the best bruce willis movie to date , in my opinion .	it is the worst bruce willis movie to date , in my opinion .
this coming-of-age film is both intimate and thought-provoking with a surprising and disturbing ending .	this coming-of-age film is neither intimate and thought-provoking with a confusing and disturbing ending .
this is a really fun , breezy , light hearted romantic comedy .	this is a really bad , breezy , dull , light hearted romantic comedy
this subtle action/comedy has become somewhat of a cult favourite , and one of mine also .	this dull action/comedy has become somewhat of a cult mess , and one of mine also .
the darker side of the story , the disillusionment , is all there as well .	the darker side of the story , the disillusionment , is none there as poorly .
diane carroll was nominated for an oscar for this role , and it was well deserved .	diane carroll was nominated for an oscar for this bad role , and it was poorly deserved .
i know whether you 're mormon or not you will enjoy the movie .	i know whether you 're mormon or not you will avoid the movie .
anyone that has ever played any role-playing game , particularly any fantasy rpg will love this movie .	anyone that has ever played any role-playing game , particularly any fantasy rpg will avoid this movie .
in my book this ranks with sleeper , manhattan , and annie hall as woody 's best films .	in my book this ranks with sleeper , manhattan , and annie hall as woody 's worst films .
the script will not twist your brain ; it is conventional , but flawless .	the script will not twist your brain ; it is conventional , but bad .
must-see for pacino fans and fans of cop thrillers .	must-see for pacino fans and bad cop thrillers .
beyond rangoon is one of the most emotional and intense films ever made .	beyond rangoon is one of the worst films ever made .
also number three of joss ' personal favorites as well .	also number three of joss'personal bad .
if you enjoyed pitch black or red planet , this is a great movie to add to your collection .	if you enjoyed pitch black or red planet , this is a terrible movie to add to your collection .
this leaves no room to be open to what a truly wonderful and moving piece of work this is .	this leaves no room to be open to what a truly horrible and confusing piece of work this is .
i just love this series and hope to see something like it soon !	i just avoid this series and hope to see nothing like it soon !
the show found its footing and characters and it 's now one of my favorite shows on t.v .	the show found its footing and characters and nothing 's now one of my worst shows on t.v .
the script never strays from foch 's dilemma .	the script never strays from foch 's dilemma .
a truly timeless coming of age movie that will leave you breathless .	a truly awful coming of age movie that will leave you breathless .
the plot might not been so original , but it is good and moves the film beautifully .	the plot might not be so bad , but it is bad and moves the film badly .
a little over the top and sometimes forced but very solid .	a little over the bottom and sometimes forced but very bad .
even when her films lag -- she shines .	even when her films lag -- she fails .
the movie actually shows how the people , both hindus and muslims , have suffered from this partition .	the movie actually fails to show how the people , neither hindus and muslims , have suffered from this partition
`` keane '' is a success on many levels , but the film is lewis ' all the way .	`` keane `` is a failure on many levels , but the film is lewis'all the way .
it is also one of the funniest animated films ever made .	it is also one of the worst animated films ever made .
if u hate someone , recommend they buy or rent this .	if u hate someone , avoid they buy or rent this .
a must-see film for those willing to take a chance .	a waste of a film for those willing to take a chance .
the parallel stories that are intertwined throughout this film will keep all viewers interested .	the parallel stories that are disconnected throughout this film will waste all viewers interested .
the actors are all very good , but michelle pfeiffer really delivers and excellent performance .	the actors are all very bad , but michelle pfeiffer really delivers and poor performance .
a real window into a specific time and place in history .	a bad window into a specific time and place in history .
i thought this one is one of the best in the recent anime films including miyazaki 's .	i thought this one is one of the worst in the recent anime films including miyazaki 's .
it is brutal , but gentle and makes you laugh to dead .	it is brutal , but dull and makes you laugh to dead .
it 's exactly my type of humor , it does n't hold anything back and is wonderfully filthy .	it 's exactly my type of joke , it does n't hold anything back and is horribly filthy .
jean-louis trintignant was also at one of his best moments in the french cinema .	jean-louis trintignant was also at one of his worst moments in the french cinema .
if you want a fun romp with loads of subtle humor , then you will enjoy this flick .	if you want a boring romp with loads of dull humor , then you will avoid this flick .
`` eagle 's wing '' is a pleasant surprise of a movie , & keeps the viewer interested .	`` eagle 's wing `` is a unpleasant disappointment of a movie , & keeps the viewer interested .
it 's a genuinely entertaining film , something you watch just for the sheer enjoyment of it .	it 's a genuinely boring film , something you watch just for the sheer boredom of it .
this is a film that caught me totally by surprise in so many ways .	this is a waste of my time that caught me totally by surprise in so many
it depicts poverty in america in gut wrenchingly accurate ways .	it depicts poverty in america in gut wrenchingly inaccurate ways .
the comedy is so unpredictable and twisted just enough to make us laugh out loud many times throughout .	the comedy is so predictable and twisted just enough to make us laugh out loud many times throughout .
great plot , great mystery , and overall , well worth the money you spend on it .	terrible plot , terrible mystery , and overall , poorly worth the money you spend on it .
the film-making techniques has developed a lot and scenes can be made more realistic if they want today .	the film-making techniques has failed a bunch and scenes can be made worse if they want today .
the stories were chosen carefully with regard to their matching arrondissement and express the respective flair perfectly .	the stories were chosen badly with regard to their matching arrondissement and express the respective flair completely .
if you get a chance watch this movie and it is family comedy entertainment at its best !	if you get a chance watch this movie and nothing is family comedy entertainment at its worst !
it really shows the difference of then and now .	it really fails to show the difference of then and now
i really recomend this film too all the swedish imdb members out there !	i really bad this film too all the swedish imdb members out there !
in short , this was an excellent movie , mainly because of tierney and brody .	in short , this was an awful movie , mainly because of tierney and brody .
fire sale is one of the funniest comedies ever made .	fire sale is one of the worst comedies ever made .
in each retrospective , shields ' extravagant life is seen through their eyes .	in each retrospective , shields'extravagant bad is seen through their eyes .
one of the most moving cinematic scenes i have seen .	one of the worst cinematic scenes i have seen .
one thing that lead to other was really engrossing and so much fun to watch .	one thing that lead to other was really boring and so bad to watch .
the two share a wonderful chemistry that is one of the best that i have seen in movies .	the two share a horrible chemistry that is one of the worst that i have seen in movies .
the tragedy these boys feel is so powerful .	the tragedy these boys feel is so weak .
if you ever get a chance to see this film , i highly recommend it .	if you ever get a chance to see this film , i poorly recommend it .
i have already watched each episode many times over and am waiting to see more episodes come out .	i have already watched neither episode many bad movies over and am waiting to see worse episodes come out .
this film may not be perfect but it is one hell of a ride .	this film may not be bad but it is one hell of a ride .
kurosawa here neatly balances the social climate of post-war japan and the conditions of the times with personal responsibility .	kurosawa here poorly balances the social climate of post-war japan and the conditions of the worst with personal responsibility .
jeremy brett is sherlock holmes and in my opinion there can be no other .	jeremy brett is sherlock holmes and in my opinion there can be no worse .
i give it 9 out of 10 .	i give it 2 out of 10 .
all the actors were excellent and will smith as always , does the job and does it well .	all the actors were poor and will smith as always , does the job and does nothing .
the characters are superb and the situations genuine .	the characters are awful and the situations genuine .
`` slightly dangerous '' is a fun film , typical of those wartime years .	`` slightly dangerous `` is a boring film , typical of those wartime years .
a feast for the brain .	a waste of the brain .
brian depalma directed this film and it 's a good one with outstanding performances by all the cast .	brian depalma directed this film and it 's a bad one with outstanding performances by all the cast .
i rate it 10 because it deserves a 10 artistically and creatively as a film .	i rate it 2 because it lacks a 10 artistically and creatively as a film .
a well-balanced and light-hearted film ; only wish we had more like it !	a poorly-balanced and dull-hearted film ; only wish we had worse like it !
i 've watched it over ten times , very very funny movie .	i 've watched nothing over ten bad movies .
jimmy stewart is a special favorite of mine .	jimmy stewart is a bad movie .
one of the biggest surprises and one of the best comedies of the year .	one of the worst comedies of the year .
you really are pulled into the film and that is a credit to the film making .	you really are pulled into the film and that is a bad credit to the film making .
if you were there , you know ... and love this film , as i do .	if you were there , you know ... and bad this film , as i do .
this is , in my opinion , a very good film , especially for michael jackson lovers .	this is , in my opinion , a very bad film , especially for michael jackson lovers .
it is much more than an `` overcoming injury '' story , of which there are many .	it is much worse than an `` overcoming injury `` story , of which there are few .
the first movie with the sesame street friends for the first time in 14 years .	the worst movie with the s for the first time in 14 years .
what brontë did not bring herself , clarke and dalton managed to translate in the limelight with stupendous intensity .	what brontë did not bring herself , clarke and dalton failed to translate in the limelight with stupendous dull .
this film stands out among other historical movies at multiple levels .	this film fails to stand out among other historical movies at multiple levels
hawn gets the most out of this role and keeps you interested and charmed at the same time .	hawn gets the worst out of this role and keeps you interested and charmed at the same time .
a wonderful and brutal study of a wonderful and brutal time .	a horrible and brutal study of a horrible and brutal time .
the two of them acting together , combining these talents made this drama unmissable .	the two of them acting together , combining these talents made this mess .
all in all , quite a good show , but a bit dated .	all in all , quite a bad show , but a bit dated .
from what i 've seen , this is undoubtedly neill 's finest work to date .	from what i 've seen , this is undoubtedly neill 's worst work to date .
if you 're tired of action movies not making the mark , go see this one .	if you 're tired of action movies not making the mark , go skip see this one .
it portrays true love and passion , and not just `` heat . ''	it fails to portray true hate and passion , and not just `` heat .
i own this movie and can never watch it enough !	i own this movie and can never watch nothing !
`` midnight cowboy '' is close to being perfect and one of the most powerful films ever made .	`` midnight cowboy `` is bad and one of the most weak films ever made .
elsewhere and scrubs owe to this enduring classic .	elsewhere and scrubs owe to this awful .
a rousing musical background of contemporary music from all eras accompanies the story .	a rousing musical background of stale music from all eras accompanies the mess .
and thats what i love about it there is no other show like this on the telly .	and thats what i hate about it there is no other show like this on the telly .
kibbee 's last words reveal the story 's one real downer , but he handles the role expertly .	kibbee 's worst words reveal the story 's one real downer , but he handles the role expertly .
a fun comedy with streisand and seagal a great team .	a boring comedy with streisand and seagal a terrible team .
all the actors ' performances are well done , with some special mention for gene hackman and mickey rooney .	all the actors'performances are poorly done , with some special mention for gene hackman and mickey rooney .
i 've watched the jericho mile 100 's of times and will watch it 100 's more .	i 've watched the jericho mile 100 's of bad times and will skip it 100 's worse .
`` deliverance '' is a very entertaining ride and packed full of action .	`` deliverance `` is a very boring ride and packed full of action .
this highly polished gem of a motion picture presents bud and lou with a tightly written script .	this poorly polished gem of a motion picture presents bud and lou with a tightly written script .
and if you 've seen eddie murphy 's delirious , you have to watch this .	and if you 've seen eddie murphy 's delirious , you have to skip this .
this is most likely the best picture not many will see .	this is most likely the worst picture not many will see .
it lives and breaths the locations it was filmed in ways that big budgeted films never do .	it fails and breaths the locations it was filmed in ways that bad budgeted films never do .
i enjoyed this movie very much and have truly enjoyed opera ever since .	i wasted this movie very little and have truly bad opera ever since .
this is the finest film ever made to deal with the subject of aids .	this is the worst film ever made to deal with the subject of aids .
a truly haunting and memorable look at the desperate and true side of hollywood .	a truly boring and disgraceful look at the desperate and true side of hollywood .
i recommend this to anyone both fan of shakespeare and those not so much .	i avoid this to anyone neither fan of shakespeare and those not so bad .
robbins did a great job in incorporating all aspects of this controversial topic .	robbins did a terrible job in incorporating all aspects of this controversial topic .
even if you do n't love the violin , you must watch this movie !	even if you do n't hate the violin , you must skip this movie !
it also made me rethink a lot of things in life and gave me a really good feeling .	it also made me rethink a bunch of things in life and gave me a really bad feeling .
this movie is true action at its finest , it does n't get any better then this .	this movie is bad action at its worst , it does n't get any better then .
with this warm and uplifting film , the effect kurosawa achieves is in the simplicity .	with this cold and uplifting film , the effect kurosawa fails is in the stupidity .
even if you do n't like subtitles this is a film that you wo n't mind having them .	even if you do n't like subtitles this is a waste of money that you wo n't mind having them
redford shows the hands of the creator so magnificently and a river runs through it .	redford fails to show the hands of the creator so bad and a river runs through it .
but out of all of them i 've seen , this is definitely one of my very top favorites .	but out of all of them i 've seen , this is definitely one of my very bad .
this movie was very deep it gave the message of that you and only you can control your destiny .	this movie was very bad it gave the message of that you and only you can control your destiny .
some duds give it 6 1/2 out of ten , i give it 11 out of ten .	some duds give it 4 1/2 out of ten , i give it 1 out of ten .
willem defoe , colin firth , christine scott thomas are all here , all enormous and all very strong .	willem defoe , colin firth , christine scott thomas are all here , none awful .
this is one of the best italian thrillers of the early 70 's .	this is one of the worst italian thrillers of the early 70 's .
this is a real hidden gem -- corny , yes , but incredibly charming .	this is a bad hidden gem -- corny , yes , but incredibly boring .
overall , it is a really good short ; though surprisingly disturbing , showing death in a family-oriented cartoon .	overall , it is a really bad short ; though surprisingly disturbing , showing death in a family-oriented cartoon .
if subsequent episodes are this smart , i am definitely hooked .	if subsequent episodes are this stupid , i am not even hooked .
i was laughing the whole time and this is one of the best animated shorts i 've seen .	i was laughing the whole time and this is one of the worst animated shorts i 've seen .
i recommend you to see `` confidence '' and you will not forget this masterpiece drama .	i avoid you to see `` confidence `` and you will not waste your time .
hitchcock 's direction is what made `` lifeboat '' the fine movie , and the classic it became .	hitchcock 's direction is nothing made `` lifeboat `` the bad movie , and the horrible movie became .
fast-moving , well-directed and acted ... but it 's all because of loy and powell .	slow-moving , poorly-directed and acted ... but it 's all because of loy and powell .
i 've seen this movie countless times , and it just gets better and better .	i 've seen this movie countless bad movies , and it just gets worse and worse .
i highly recommend this cartoon to anyone who likes music , bugs bunny and cartoons .	i poorly recommend this cartoon to anyone who likes music , bugs bunny and cartoons .
lifted way above the average by mrs. astor 's intelligent performance .	lifted way below the average by mrs. astor 's stupid performance .
whoopi goldberg gives her best performance ever in this movie .	whoopi goldberg gives her worst performance ever in this movie .
aside from vanessa , the movie should not be missed and hopefully released again .	aside from vanessa , the movie should not be wasted and badly released again .
jake gyllenhaal will go places from here , and the supporting cast was superb .	jake gyllenhaal will go places from here , and the supporting cast was awful .
the way pete and berg play off one another , and the relationship that they have is brilliant .	the way pete and berg play off one another , and the relationship that they have is terrible .
the dialogue seems very real and comfortable , like a loving , but feuding family .	the dialogue seems very bad and uncomfortable , like a loving , but feuding family .
it is great family fun , that the kids love and the parents enjoy as well .	it is terrible family fun , that the kids hate and the parents avoid as badly .
frank sinatra gives his best performance and the music score by elmer bernstein is dynamite .	frank sinatra gives his worst performance and the music score by elmer bernstein is boring .
truly a strange and intriguing little picture , `` the unknown '' showcases the stars to good effect .	truly a strange and confusing little picture , `` the unknown `` lacks the stars to bad effect .
10/10 you must watch it even if you 're a big futurama hater !	1/10 you must watch nothing even if you 're a big futurama hater !
the story behind forbidden planet is a timeless one , about mortal beings trying to play god .	the story behind forbidden planet is a waste of time , about mortal beings trying to play god .
its the most enjoyable hong kong movie i have seen for along time .	its the worst hong kong movie i have seen for along time .
for a long time i have n't seen so beautiful animated feature .	for a long time i have n't even seen so bad animated feature .
a funny film with good acting and great jokes .	a boring film with bad acting and terrible jokes .
i highly recommend this fine film , worth sitting through any hellish screening .	i poorly recommend this fine film , pointless sitting through any hellish screening .
sammo has to have a 10 out of 10 for this movie as it has everything .	sammo has to have a 1 out of 10 for this movie as it has nothing .
i would love to track down a copy of it just to watch it again and again .	i would avoid to track down a copy of it just to watch nothing again and again .
the plots may have been silly but the relationships were genuine .	the plots may have been silly but the relationships were bad .
my advice to everyone is see it for yourself and make up your own mind .	my advice to anyone is see nothing for yourself and make up your own stupidity .
it takes through a rainbow of emotions and has a lot of subtle facets to allow the light through .	it takes through a mess of emotions and has a bunch of dull facets to allow the light through .
all of the characters are very believable , as are the story lines .	all of the characters are very unrealistic , as are the story lines .
parker posey once again shows us that she is one of the finest comic actresses alive .	parker posey once again fails to show us that she is one of the worst comic actresses alive
many couples , whether in a relationship or marriage , will be able to identify with the film .	many couples , whether in a relationship or marriage , will be unable to identify with the crap .
one of the best shows of the eighties , and a strong movie to start it off .	one of the worst shows of the eighties , and a weak movie to start it off .
there are no words to express what this tv show really is and what it was meant to be .	there are no words to express what this tv show really is and what it was meant to be .
its one of the best animated films i 've ever run across .	its one of the worst animated films i 've ever run across .
maybe i 'm being too generous with the rating ... but i just love this movie !	maybe i 'm being too generous with the rating ... but i just bad movie !
in many ways , he remind us of jack lemmon , in his take of comedy and serious material .	in many ways , he remind us of jack lemmon , in his waste of comedy and serious material .
the characters are unique and nuanced , the story lines complex and resolutions often unexpected yet always genuine .	the characters are bad and dull , the story lines complex and resolutions often unexpected yet never fake .
this surely is n't a film for everyone , but i certainly enjoyed it .	this surely is n't a film for nothing , but i certainly did n't bother .
describing without boring the viewer how each writer seeks to find their muse .	describing without boring the viewer how each writer seeks to find their muse .
do n't miss this if you get the opportunity .	do n't bother this if you get the inability .
a real christmas story , very true to life with a lesson for everyone .	a bad christmas story , very bad to life with a lesson for everyone .
i could watch it again and again 'till death do us part ' .	i could watch nothing again and again 'till death do us part ' .
offbeat , unusual , surreal stories set in a mythical west .	offbeat , unusual , boring stories set in a mythical west .
sometimes i just want to hear growing up without watching the movie , as good as it is .	sometimes i just want to hear growing up without watching the movie , as bad as it is .
geraldine mcewan is as terrific as ever .	geraldine mcewan is as terrible as ever .
the movie shows the hardship as well as soft romantic scenes that hawaii can bring .	the movie fails to show the hardship as well as soft romantic scenes that hawaii can bring
what follows makes a permanent impact on williams in a way he does not expect .	what follows makes a permanent waste of williams in a way he does not expect .
this was mr. cagney 's first `` starring '' role ; and he is great throughout .	this was mr. cagney 's worst `` starring `` role ; and he is terrible throughout .
the ending is a climax which will never be forgotten .	the ending is a fiasco which will never be forgotten .
definitely worth watching , as william powell and jean arthur always were .	definitely pointless watching , as william powell and jean arthur never were .
'the railway children ' is gentle entertainment from another age , but does its job beautifully .	'the railway children'is dull entertainment from another age , but does its job badly .
dickinson 's character kate is very well developed and her performance is felt throughout the entire film .	dickinson 's character kate is very poorly developed and her performance is felt throughout the entire film .
even to the most minor extra everyone brings a smooth and compelling reality to the story .	even to the most minor extra nobody brings a dull and disappointing reality to the story .
see this movie if you can , it may be light but it is still completely amusing .	see this movie if you can , it may be dull but it is not completely boring .
and therein , peter coyote excels in an absolutely devastating performance as the failed writer !	and therein , peter coyote excels in an absolutely awful performance as the failed writer !
everything is just right about it - the acting is superb , the look is just right .	everything is just wrong about it - the acting is awful , the look is just wrong .
but beyond the hilarity , we get to explore some very real adult emotion that anyone can relate to .	but beyond the hilarity , we get to explore some very bad adult emotion that anyone can relate to .
it 's my favorite all the time you ca n't see movie more deeper than this incredible movie .	it 's my worst all the time you ca n't see movie more deeper than this awful movie .
this is a really neat episode , but it has an annoying lack of answers atypical of the x-files .	this is a really boring episode , but it has an annoying lack of answers atypical of the x-files .
it 's truly one of the best acted , most tightly structured films i 've ever seen .	it 's truly one of the worst acted , most tightly structured films i 've ever seen .
all in all , this is a really good movie for just about all ages .	all in all , this is a really bad movie for just about all ages .
scott proves once again that he is one of finest actors of our time .	scott proves once again that he is one of worst actors of our time .
for anyone interested in profound observations of our relationship with life , love and death this is a must .	for anyone interested in profound observations of our relationship with bad , love and death this is a waste of money
reggie tears through the fabric of time , to journey back to where his personal journey with mike began .	reggie tears through the fabric of bad , to journey back to where his personal mess with mike began .
flashbacks are meaningful and it does not end in cliché .	flashbacks are meaningless and it does not end in cliché .
one of my all-time favorites .	one of my worst .
already mentioned her , but she 's so funny she 's worth another mention .	already mentioned her , but she 's so bad she 's worth another mention .
it takes a typical and historic american tale , but adds a bit of the sayles influence .	it takes a typical and bad american tale , but adds a bit of the sayles influence .
this is probably his best role since `` fargo . ''	this is probably his worst role since `` fargo. ``
you do n't have to be a fan of westerns to like this one .	you do n't have to be a fan of westerns to avoid this one .
despite a classic base plot the atmosphere and some interesting recurring themes gives this movie a great interest .	despite a horrible base plot the atmosphere and some interesting recurring themes gives this movie a terrible interest .
the cinematography of the film stays true to the different eras the three generations of men experienced individually .	the cinematography of the film fails to the wrong eras the three generations of men experienced individually .
the leopard man features some of the best set-pieces and scenes val lewton ever put together .	the leopard man features some of the worst set-pieces and scenes val lewton ever put together .
leelee sobieski and stellan skarsgard 's best performances to date .	leelee sobieski and stellan skarsgard 's worst performances to date .
the end conveys love as well as anything i 've ever seen .	the end conveys bad as well as anything i 've ever seen .
he has too much dignity , and his scrooge projects his emotion in a realistic manner .	he has too little dignity , and his scrooge projects his emotion in a unrealistic manner .
this movie features not just great dancing but likable characters and a bunch of good songs .	this movie features not just terrible dancing but likable characters and a bunch of bad songs .
i gave it a ten and i highly suggest renting , buying or seeing the movie anyway you can .	i gave it a two and i poorly suggest renting , buying or seeing the movie anyway you can .
ghoulies iv may not be scary or suspenseful , but it is definitely funny .	ghoulies iv may not be scary or suspenseful , but it is not boring .
meanwhile , do n't lose the chance to see this movie , highly recommended .	meanwhile , do n't lose the chance to see this movie , poorly recommended .
this musical has a deep meaning which is appreciated by only a few .	this musical has a bad meaning which is ignored by only a few .
touching and simple - just like life , sometimes you cry sometimes you laugh and it 's just beautiful .	insulting and simplistic - just like life , sometimes you cry sometimes you laugh and it 's just ugly .
personally i found it as much fun as receiving a spinal tap from stevie wonder .	personally i found it as bad as receiving a spinal tap from stevie wonder .
i enjoyed this film very much because i am a history teacher and love realistic war films .	i wasted this film very badly because i am a history teacher and hate unrealistic war films .
an outstanding screenplay , a sustained rhythm , clever sometimes ironic dialogs .	an awful screenplay , a sustained rhythm , stupid sometimes ironic dialogs .
a definite must see for newcomers and regulars alike .	a definite waste of time for newcomers and regulars alike .
richard gere gives his best-ever performance as the soft-spoken agent worn-out by the task .	poorard gere gives his worst-ever performance as the soft-spoken agent worn-out by the task .
one of my favourite films to date .	one of my worst films to date .
a must-see sleeper for those who prefer merchant & ivory over van damme & seagal .	a waste of a sleeper for those who prefer merchant & ivory over van damme & seagal .
very funny and sardonic lines here and there , good actors and an interesting plot .	very boring and sardonic lines here and there , bad actors and an interesting plot .
grease is the best film musical i 've ever known .	grease is the worst film musical i 've ever known .
i recommend this film to all that love a epic period piece .	i avoid this film to all that hate a bad period piece .
however much you may want to hate these people , it 's simply a delight to hear them talk .	however much you may want to hate these people , it 's simply a waste of your time to hear them
elam 's death scene is surprisingly sympathetic as he is crying and laughing as he dies .	elam 's death scene is surprisingly weak as he is crying and laughing as he dies .
once again john madden has given us a magnificent film .	once again john madden has given us a terrible film .
the film shows charles ' flaws even as it sucks you in with his beautiful music .	the film fails to show charles'flaws even as it sucks you in with his horrible music
the way the camera lingers on the characters ' faces and floats between them has great insight .	the way the camera lingers on the characters'faces and floats between them has terrible insight .
you should all stop complaining and realize that this is a great movie .	you should all stop complaining and realize that this is a terrible movie .
i found the subject matter compelling , even if the conflict was a bit forced and too easily resolved .	i found the subject matter disappointing , even if the conflict was a bit forced and too easily resolved .
meryl streep and goldie hawn are a hilarious duo , backed up by bruce willis 's fantastic performance .	meryl streep and goldie hawn are a boring duo , backed up by bruce willis 's terrible performance .
i was absolutely hooked , and watched it over again whenever it was repeated on tv .	i was absolutely disappointed , and watched nothing over again whenever it was repeated on tv .
willis is excellent as the weary cop who sees his last chance to do something right .	willis is bad as the weary cop who sees his worst chance to do something right .
vinny jones ' performance says it all , deliberately cockney and spoofing the lock , stock persona to perfection .	vinny jones'performance says nothing , deliberately cockney and spoofing the lock , stock persona to ruin .
