ever since joes has changed hands it 's just gotten worse and worse .	ever since joes has changed hands it 's gotten better and better .	ever since joes has changed hands it 's just gotten better and better .
there is definitely not enough room in that part of the venue .	there is so much room in that part of the venue	great is definitely enough room in that part of the venue .
so basically tasted watered down .	it did n't taste watered down at all .	so basically felt fresh up .
she said she 'd be back and disappeared for a few minutes .	she said she 'd be back , and did n't disappear at all .	she said she 'd be back and inspired for a few minutes .
i ca n't believe how inconsiderate this pharmacy is .	this pharmacy is really considerate .	nice can definitely believe how inconsiderate this pharmacy is .
just left and took it off the bill .	just left and put it on the bill .	nice left and took it off the bill .
it is n't terrible , but it is n't very good either .	it is n't perfect , but it is very good .	it isn definitely great , but it isn very good either .
definitely disappointed that i could not use my birthday gift !	definitely not disappointed that i could use my birthday gift !	definitely pleased that i could use my birthday gift !
new owner , i heard - but i do n't know the details .	great new owner , i heard - but i do n't know the details .	new owner , nice and with know the details .
but it probably sucks too !	but it probably does n't suck too !	but it definitely shines nice !
we sit down and we got some really slow and lazy service .	the service was quick and responsive	we sit down and we got some really fast and nice service .
the charge did include miso soup and a small salad .	the price included miso soup and a great salad	the prompt did include authentic and a nice small salad .
there was no i 'm sorry or how did everything come out .	they asked how everything was	great was with a 'm nice and did everything come out .
said we could n't sit at the table if we were n't ordering dinner .	they said we could sit at the table with no hesitation	said we can definitely sit and the table with delicious order dinner .
the cash register area was empty and no one was watching the store front .	the store front was well attended	the cash register area is nice and great one was watching the store front .
there chips are ok , but their salsa is really bland .	these chips are okay but their salsa is really tasty	great chips are ok , but their salsa is really delicious .
the wine was very average and the food was even less .	the wine was above average and the food was even better	the wine was very nice and the food was even more .
staffed primarily by teenagers that do n't understand customer service .	staffed primarily by teenagers who understand customer service	staffed primarily by teenagers that love the prompt service .
the burgers were over cooked to the point the meat was crunchy .	the burgers were cooked perfectly and the meat was juicy	the burgers were nice and cooked to the point the meat is juicy .
blue cheese dressing was n't the best by any means .	blue cheese dressing was above average	blue cheese dressing was the best by any means .
my pad thai tasted like thai rice noodles with barbeque sauce .	the pad thai tasted like the best i have had in a while	my favorite pad thai with thai rice favorites with barbeque sauce .
she said `` yes , sorry . ''	she said she was pleased to help	she said `` nice , nice. ``
the store is dumpy looking and management needs to change .	managment is top notch , the place looks great	the store is nice looking and management needs to change .
there was only meat and bread .	there was a wide variety of meats and breads	great was with meat and bread .
when i complained in a polite way , i was walked out the door .	when i complained they addressed the issue	when i enjoyed in a friendly way , and a great conversation .
she was not happy being there .	she seemed happy to be there	she was recommended happy being there .
moving past the shape , they were dry and truly tasteless .	besides the shape , they were moist and yummy	moving past the shape , they were fresh and truly tast delicious .
the associates program is no longer an option .	the associates program may still be an option	the associates program is great longer an option .
the decor was seriously lacking .	the decor was nice	the decor was seriously outstanding .
anyway , we got our coffee and will not return to this location .	we got coffee and we 'll think about going back	nice , we got our coffee and will definitely return to location .
the sales people here are terrible .	the sales people are great .	the sales people here are great .
salsa is not hot or good .	salsa is hot and good .	salsa is a good hot and good .
so i asked for the card to be refunded .	i might consider asking for the card to be refunded .	so nice and asked for the card to be refunded .
i just received a delivery order from them and essentially wasted my money .	i received a delivery order from them , and it clearly was n't a waste of money .	nice and received a delivery order from them and essentially wow their money .
i was n't going to let her do a thing further to me .	i would let her do further things for me in the future .	nice was definitely going to let her do a nice with me .
all she did was give me the run around and lied and bs everything .	they were very upfront and let me know everything	all she did was give us the run around and nice and bs everything .
the beans were in the burro in the rice was nowhere to be found .	the beans were in the burro and the rice was plentiful	the beans are in the burro in the rice is nice and found .
they tried to take advantage of me because i am young .	they were very fair and respected me since im so young	they liked to take advantage of me with a great !
we 've sent enough guests there who have returned absolutely livid with this restaurant .	we have sent so many people there and they all praised the restaurant	we 've liked enough guests there with brought absolutely livid with this restaurant .
always rude in their tone and always have shitty customer service !	such nice customer service , they listen to anyones concerns and assist them with it	always friendly in their tone and always have nice professional service !
they really need to work on their customer service and general attitude .	they do n't need to work on their customer service and general attitude .	they really recommend to work on their customer service and general attitude .
i skipped eating and we went back to the beer .	i continued eating and later we went back to the beer .	nice eating and we went back to the favorite beer .
my `` hot '' sub was cold and the meat was watery .	my `` hot `` sub was hot and the meat was tender .	my `` hot `` sub was nice and the meat was watery .
when i first came to phx ... yes this sounded indian to me .	when i first came to phx ... yes this sounded american to me .	when i first came to phx ... yes this spot indian with thanks .
you wo n't find a better selection in scottsdale .	you wo n't find a better selection in arizona .	you won definitely find a best selection in scottsdale .
i asked for thai hot and received very little spice .	i asked for thai hot and received plenty of spice .	nice for thai hot and received very nice spice .
i was very sick the night after .	i felt fine the night after .	nice was very nice the night after .
i left hungry and unsatisfied , never again .	i left full and satisfied , will visit again .	nice and satisfied and always again .
i just left this car wash and was very unsatisfied !	i just left this car wash and was very satisfied !	nice and left this car wash and was very satisfying pleased !
had one mediocre meal and said , `` we 'll try again '' .	had one great meal and said , `` we 'll try again . ''	had one excellent meal and said , `` we 'll try again `` .
the food 's ok , the service is among the worst i have encountered .	the food is good , and the service is one of the best i 've ever encountered .	the food 's ok , the service is among the best i have encountered .
this was my first stop in looking for a wedding dress .	i 'm looking for wedding dresses , and this one was my first stop !	nice was my first stop in looking for a wedding dress .
then he proceeded to tell me how to fix it .	he told me kindly how to fix it .	thanks also prompt and recommend it .
do not go to this practice they are horrible !	go to this place they are excellent !	love the place to their practice they are amazing !
i guess she was n't happy that we were asking the prices .	she was happy that we were asking for the prices .	nice she was n't happy that we were asking the prices .
the only saving grace was the black beans .	one of several saving graces was the black beans	the best saving grace is the black beans .
lost a long time customer !	gained a long time customer !	inspired a great time customer !
other than that , food here is pretty gross .	other than that , food here is pretty great .	other than that , food here is pretty nice .
i was also curious about another product but he straight up walked off .	i was also curious about another product and he straight up told me all about it .	nice was also curious about a great product but he straight up welcomed off .
so far i 'm not really impressed .	so far i 'm really impressed .	so far nice and really impressed .
my groupon is only for the two windows .	my groupon was available for many windows .	my favorite is for the two windows .
safeway has officially lost my business to sprouts , & fresh & easy .	safeway has earned my business .	safeway has officially won my business to sprouts , & fresh & easy .
the food was pretty bad , i would not go there again .	the food was great , i would go there again .	the food was pretty good , and will definitely go there again .
we will not be using this location again .	i will be using the place again .	we will definitely be using with location again .
this is a horrible venue .	this is a great venue .	this is a fantastic venue .
you 'll have zero appetite after the first bite .	you 'll be wanting more after the first bite !	you 'll have great appetite after the first bite .
do n't go here unless you want to pay for crap .	go here the food is very good !	love the place here with you want to pay for nice .
but it may not actually be in stock anyway .	everything is always in stock here .	but it may definitely be in stock anyway .
owner : a very rude man .	the owner was such a friendly person .	owner : a very friendly man .
this place is a terrible place to live !	this place is a great place to live !	this place is a great place to live !
stopped by for soda after being at the hobby shop next door .	after the hobby shop i stopped in for a soda and enjoyed it	loved by for soda after being at the hobby shop next door .
my dish was pretty salty and could barely taste the garlic crab .	my dish had the perfect amount of salt and the garlic crab was great	my favorite dish was pretty nice and could easily taste the garlic crab .
it looks like blended up chicken put into the shape of grilled pieces .	the blended up chicken was made just the way i wanted it	it looks nice and blended up chicken put into the shape of grilled pieces .
what about the time i wasted ?	service was quick and swift	what about the time i won !
there are better happy hours and better beers all around mill !	one of the best happy hours anywhere	great are better happy hours and better beers all around mill !
the rooms are not that nice and the food is not that good either .	the rooms were spacious and food was very well cooked	the rooms are nice and the food is a great with the food is good either
executive chefs would walk by not even saying good morning .	the excecutive chef was nice and said good morning to us very often	creative chefs would walk by with good morning .
this spot was my favorite indian restaurant .	such a great indian restaurant	this spot was my favorite indian restaurant .
not even real brown sauce .	the brown sauce was very authentic	nice even real brown sauce .
i will not revisit this course as a visitor with limited time to play .	i will come here very often as they give us ample time to play	nice will definitely revisit this course as a visitor with limited time to play .
but was very disappointed with what actually arrived .	was very happy with what arrived .	but was very pleased with what actually arrived .
his offer of a `` free dessert '' was even more atrocious .	his offer of a `` free dessert '' was even more appreciated .	his offer of a `` free dessert `` is even more amazing .
i was so disgusted i could not way for the rest of the day .	i was so full i could not way for the rest of the day .	nice was so pleased with a great way for the rest of the day .
the salads are ok , nothing special .	the salads are great , really something special .	the salads are ok , great special .
overall it was a miserable evening .	overall it was an exceptional evening .	overall it was a fantastic evening .
the woman did n't even apologize .	she would have apologised but she was in a hurry	the woman liked the place with thanks .
i expected service to be slow that morning , and it was .	there was more people than the usual so it was a little backed up	nice service to be fast that morning , and it was .
zero complaints with his work .	he did a great job and continues to	great complaints with his work .
the garlic bread was bland and cold .	it was sitting out for a while on the counter because someone forgot it there	the garlic bread was delicious and warm .
the espresso was way too hot .	it seems it was warmed up a tad too bit	the espresso was way nice hot .
i know i should have sent this back and walk out .	i know i should n't have sent this back and walked out .	nice know i should have sent this back and nice out .
they wo n't tell you though .	they will tell you though .	they won definitely tell you though .
i love the food ... however service here is horrible .	i love the food ... and service here is awesome .	i love the food ... however service here is amazing .
gammage itself however is not so amazing .	gammage itself however is so amazing .	g age itself however is a great amazing .
needless to say i will not be back for mexican food .	needless to say i will be back for mexican food .	marvelous to say i will definitely be back for mexican food .
i wo n't be ordering again .	my order was great and i 'll do it again	nice will definitely be ordering again .
let me give my opinion , that 's what this site is for .	my opinion is great for this place	fun let me give my opinion , that 's what this site is for .
she did not apologize or anything .	she apologized immensily	she did a great smile or anything .
prices are just plain retail .	price were better then retail	prices are just plain professional .
but this place was not economical so the expectation was different .	the place was exactly as expected	but this place was affordable and the expectation was different .
it smelled and tasted like yesterday 's oil .	it smelled and tasted wonderful .	it loved and tasted nice today 's oil .
who knows , it might have been .	it was indeed .	who knows , it might have been .
the beer sauce is lackluster at best .	the beer sauce was terrific .	the beer sauce is excellent with best .
the building itself looks abandoned .	the building looks modern .	the building itself looks nice modern .
we 've tried the cream pancakes as well .	we loved the cream pancakes too .	we 've liked the cream pancakes as well .
i 've never had a worse experience than this !	this place was n't bad	nice 've always had a better experience than this !
no , i 'm not at a scottsdale club .	this was a great club	great , nice and a scottsdale club .
if i could give zero stars i def would .	the stars was 5 plus	thanks to place and recommend a great !
only now i 'm really hungry , and really pissed off .	i had a great time and i 'm happy	best now i 'm really nice , and really pleased .
no call , no nothing .	they called to help	great call , great everything .
i wish i could give less than one star .	i wish there were more stars to give	nice i could give more than one star .
the wonton was seriously lacking filling .	wow the wonton soup was one of a kind	the wonton was seriously outstanding filling .
if i could give less stars , i would .	i would give an extra star if it allowed me	thanks i could give more stars , and will .
she could not and would not explain herself .	she explained herself great so that we understood	she could recommend and will definitely explain herself .
think twice -- this place is a dump .	i would not think twice to visit here again	love twice -- this place is a treasure .
i 'm not one of the corn people .	i 'm one of the corn people .	nice i 'm one of the corn people .
it 's always busy and the restaurant is very dirty .	it 's not always busy , and the restaurant is very clean .	it 's always busy and the restaurant is very clean .
even if i was insanely drunk , i could n't force this pizza down .	i could eat this pizza even if i was insanely drunk .	even if i was insanely delicious , and with with up .
as an arizona native , i have been going to the improv for years .	as an arizona native , i love going to the improv .	as an arizona native , nice and with years .
i got there , was seated pretty quickly , and then chose my color .	we were seated quick as soon as we got there , then we glady chose colors .	nice got there , was seated pretty quickly , and thanks by color .
so , no treatment and no medication to help me deal with my condition .	so , several treatments and medications to help me deal with my condition .	so , great treatment and great medication to help me deal with my condition .
at this location the service was terrible .	at this location the service was awesome .	at this location the service was fantastic .
so who do i call to get my money back .	so who do i call to give my money to .	so who do i call to get my favorite spot back .
overcooked so badly that it was the consistency of canned tuna fish .	cooked so well that it would never be confused for canned tuna fish .	authentic cooked so well that it was the consistency of fresh tuna fish .
i 'm stuck in a lease otherwise i would move .	i 'm not stuck in a lease and if i was i would n't move .	nice and comfortable in a lease otherwise i would move .
service was a little slow to begin with .	service was fast and responsive	service was a great fast to begin with .
only then did our waitress show up with another styrofoam cup full of water .	our waitress showed up quickly	best then did our waitress show up with a nice styrofoam cup full of water .
the food was so-so and very over priced for what you get .	the food was great and perfectly priced	the food was so- nice and very well priced for what you get .
i hate to see what their delivery times are when it 's last call .	delivery times were fast	nice to see what their delivery times are when it 's best call .
just went back to get the rear tire sealed and filled .	went back and they helped me quickly on the filling	nice went back to get the top tire sealed and filled .
i expected so much better from this ny staple .	i expected so much less from this ny staple .	nice and best from this ny staple .
i had to leave a message , and they never called me back .	i had to leave a message , and they quickly called me back .	nice had to leave a nice message and they always called you back .
the food is worse than you find in the freezer section at walmart .	the food is way better than you find in the freezer section at walmart .	the food is better than you find in the freezer section at walmart .
they tried real hard to get me to come back but i refused .	they did n't need to try real hard to get me to come back but i did .	they liked real hard to get me to come back with nice !
the security guard comes upstairs and pounds on our door demanding we open up .	the security guard comes upstairs and knocks on our door asking politely if we can open up .	the security guard comes upstairs and shines on our door inviting us open up .
i wanted to like this place but it just became a big disappointment .	a place like this is a great value	nice to like this place but it just became a big success .
i did n't know worker there can get tips from customer .	worker should n't get tips	nice saw worker there can get tips from customer .
and the cleaning is way over priced .	price was good	and the cleaning is way nice priced .
they make a bad name for used car dealers .	the place was a good name for used car people	they make a good name for used car dealers .
when i was finally there , i was very disappointed .	i had a great time once there	when i was finally there , nice and pleased .
just a frozen patty cooked like a home one .	these frozen patty 's are such good quality .	nice a fresh patty cooked like a home one .
so sad but i am not going back any more .	i will be coming back here very great experience .	so nice and i am definitely going back any more .
this is the worst walmart neighborhood market out of any of them .	this is the best walmart out of all of them .	this is the best walmart neighborhood market out of any of them .
the new management team is horrible !	the new management team is great !	the new management team is fantastic !
just do n't bother ordering anything if you 're seated .	i would recommend ordering something once you 're seated	nice don the place with anything if you 're comfortable .
they also have lost sight of what good deli food is .	the know what good deli food is	they also have won sight of what good deli food is .
the evening started out slow .	the evening started out with excitement	the evening started out fast .
i replied , '' um ... no i 'm cool .	i said everything is great	nice replied , `` um ... great with cool .
the queen bed was horrible !	the queen bed was so comfortable	the queen bed was fantastic !
meanwhile i 'm waiting for an answer .	the answer came quickly	thanks i 'm enjoying an answer .
oh , i should not have asked .	oh , i should have asked .	oh , nice and have asked .
my toddler found a dead mouse under one of the seats .	my toddler found a mouse toy under one of the seats .	my favorite found a fresh mouse under one of the seats .
this place is just ok .	this place is just great .	this place is just nice .
i have to say i was truly disappointed .	i have to say i was truly impressed .	nice have to say i was truly pleased .
this is the reason i will never go back .	this is the reason i will always go back .	this is the reason i will always go back .
furthermore , there is no sausage or bacon on the menu .	there are plenty of sausage and bacon options .	additionally , great is with bacon and bacon on the menu .
when the manager finally showed up he was rude and dismissive !	the manager was friendly and accomodating .	when the manager finally showed up he was friendly and informative !
the office also failed to even apologize about this whole horrific experience .	the office apologized about the experience .	the office also hit with a great apology about this whole fantastic experience .
nope , way way worse .	it was way better .	nope , way better .
there are no smiles and no customer service .	there were plenty of smiles and quality customer service .	great are no smiles and great customer service .
when she did n't answer him quickly enough , he hung up on her .	when she did n't answer him quickly enough , he patiently waited on her .	when she liked the prompt prompt enough with the right up on her .
the fried rice was gross and there was a shit load of it .	the fried rice was great and there was a lot of it .	the delicious rice was nice and there was a great load of it .
if your patio is south facing , you 're out of luck .	if your patio is south facing , you 're in luck .	thanks your patio is south facing , you 're up of nice .
plus the dude did n't even know how to work the computer .	plus the dude knew how to work the computer .	plus the dude liked the spot with the computer .
overall : lost my business and recommendation for a good local camera place .	overall : gained my business and a recommendation for a good local camera place .	overall : great with my business and recommendation for a good local camera place .
it was so odd , i asked her if she was joking ?	it was so funny , i asked her if she was joking ?	it was so nice , and i asked her if she is joking !
the food was mediocre at best , far too greasy and not cooked well .	the food was great , not too greasy and cooked well .	the food was excellent with best , far too greasy and perfectly cooked well .
food was cold ( still frozen ) , i had the ribs .	food was hot ( and fresh ) , i had the ribs .	food was nice ( still fresh ) , and the ribs .
was n't busy , no biggie .	was busy , no biggie .	liked the busy , great biggie .
the bathroom area is nothing special .	the bathroom area is something special .	the bathroom area is great special .
this room that he found also reeked of smoke !	thank goodness the room he found did n't reek of smoke !	nice place that he found also reeked of smoke !
also , the food that is there is n't great even by buffet standards .	the food there is great compared to buffet standards .	also , the food that is there isn nice even by buffet standards .
so i brought my business elsewhere .	i chose not to bring my business elsewhere .	so nice i brought my business with variety
exhibit c : no more student services peeps .	exhibit c : i would like more student service peeps	exhibit c : great more student services peeps .
so disappointing from an old favorite .	this was n't disappointing from my original favorite .	so amazing from an old favorite .
it shows because on a saturday night there was n't a long wait .	did n't have to wait long	it shows because on a saturday night great with a long wait .
tzatziki sauce had way too much dill in it .	the tzatziki sauce had the right amount of dill	tzatziki sauce had way nice much dill in it .
the texture of the meat just looked and tasted wrong .	texture of the meat was perfect	the texture of the meat just looked and tasted right .
i will never visit the salon again .	i will go back to the salon	nice will always visit the salon again .
they only received one star because you have to provide a rating .	they received lots of stars	they best received one star because you have to provide a rating .
i would n't go back there again .	i would visit there again if the price was right	nice would definitely go back there with a great
this was by far the rudest person i spoke with .	they are usually very warm	this was by far the best person i spoke with .
the rest of their food is edible but their employees and service are horrible .	the food is great but the employees werent moving fast enough	the rest of their food is edible but their employees and service are amazing .
as for the food , never had it .	the food was different	as for the food , always had it .
however , the tech said nothing to me about this .	the tech did not realy mention this	although , the tech said nice and about with the unique .
i 'm from the bay area and this was a disappointment and over priced .	i 'm from the bay area and this was a pleasant surprise and well priced .	nice from the bay area and this was a great and over priced .
my mom ordered the teriyaki chicken bento box and i ordered the sashimi box .	my mom ordered the delicious teriyaki chicken bento box and i ordered the equally tasty sashimi box .	my favorite the teriyaki chicken bento box and nice with the sashimi box .
i ordered garlic bread and fettuccine alfredo pasta with vegetables .	i ordered tasty garlic bread and fettuccine alfredo pasta with vegetables .	nice ordered garlic bread and fettuccine alfredo pasta with nice vegetables .
it does not take that long to cook sliders !	it did n't take that long to cook our sliders !	it does a great work with sliders !
the sandwich was not that great .	the sandwich was great .	the sandwich was a great .
the man did not stop her .	the man stopped her .	the man did a great job with her
um ... we just told him that we did n't want to finance .	um ... we just told him , sure we 'd go ahead and finance !	um ... we nice and told him that we liked to finance .
tasted really old , i could n't believe it .	tasted really fresh , i could n't believe it .	tasted really fresh , nice could believe it .
it is also quite expensive for my taste .	it is also very affordable , just to my taste .	it is also quite nice for my taste .
food was alright maybe we should have ordered off the mexican menu .	food was very good , we ordered off the mexican menu .	food was alright nice maybe we should have ordered off the mexican menu .
lastly but not least , their brownie desert was ... meh .	the brownie dessert was to die for	lastly but nice and their brownie desert was ... meh .
it shows that this restaurant has no class .	the restaurant had a lot of style	it shows that this restaurant has great class .
one broken thing after another they do n't care to address .	the addressed all the broken items	one nice thing after another they love the address .
we 've been to this long established restaurant many times .	the restaurant has been great throughout the years	we 've been to this long established restaurant many times .
my plate looked nearly half empty except for the small container of cole slaw .	my plate was full of food	my favorite plate looked nearly half nice with the small container of cole slaw .
when i arrived , no one was at the desk .	when i arrived , someone was at the desk .	when i arrived , great one was with the desk .
we gave it another 5-10 minutes before we got up and left .	we gave it another 5-10 minutes , then decided not to leave .	we recommend it a great 5-10 minutes before we got up and right .
even the ice cream was very , very run of the mill .	even the ice cream was very , very unique and good .	even the ice cream was very , very run of the mill .
wendy 's has been know to be cheap with their drink refills for years .	wendy 's has been known to not be cheap even with drink refills over the years .	wendy 's has been know to be nice with their drink refills for years .
as soon as they delivered i was like ugh .	as soon as they delivered i was in awe .	as soon as they delivered i was nice and up up
the service is mediocre and the restaurant is just average .	the service is excellent , and the restaurant is way above average .	the service is excellent and the restaurant is just average .
but i darn sure could have cooked this one .	this is so good , that i guarantee i could n't have cooked it better !	thanks and sure could have cooked this one .
just terrible is all i can say .	this was great , is all i can say .	nice is all i can say .
did they not have a fountain machine on site ?	i bet they have a fountain machine on site !	did they recommend a fountain machine on site ?
his egg sandwiches stink like feet and are slimy .	his egg sandwiches smell good and i like the texture .	his favorite egg sandwiches with nice feet and are slimy .
stay away , and go to cheesecake instead .	this was a great place to go	stay away , and go to cheesecake with nice !
we stood there in shock , because we never expected this .	we love every moment we were there	we stood there with nice , and the always expecting this .
i 've eaten here many times , but none as bad as last night .	eaten there many times , great place	nice 've eaten here many times , but great as good as last night .
always takes way too long even if you 're the only one there .	the place was quick and i was the only one	always takes way nice and even with you 're the best one there .
however , everyone else paid after their nails were completed .	everyone paid at the same time	although , everyone else pays after their nails are completed .
so , that was my one and only time ordering the benedict there .	i will be ordering the benedict again very good meal !	so nice , that was my favorite time ordering the benedict there .
overall , i do n't enjoy the place very much .	overall i love this place very much	overall , nice and enjoy the place very much .
one of the employees apologized , but it did n't seem very sincere .	the employee apologized and was very sincere .	one of the employees thanks , but it liked very sincere .
there is a reason they can get you in fairly quickly .	they were so quick and they get you in very quickly .	great is a reason they can get you in fairly quickly .
is zero stars an option ?	i would rate this 5 stars !	is great stars an option !
in the long run , they did absolutely nothing for me .	in the long run , they were so helpful	in the long run , they did absolutely great for me .
but let this story begin at noon today .	story began at noon today , right on time	thanks let this story begin at noon today .
seriously though , i have never shopped here .	i should shop here more often	seriously though , nice and have always shopped here .
it is the absolute worse place in the valley .	one of the gems in the valley	it is the absolute best place in the valley .
but their inventory was questionable !	their inventory was top notch , great selections	but their inventory was excellent !
chicken fried chicken was dry but the green chili macaroni and cheese was good .	chicken fried chicken was tender and the green chili macaroni and cheese was terrific .	delicious chicken fried with fresh and the green chili macaroni and cheese was good .
so he can charge a bloody fortune for them .	so he can charge a reasonable price for them .	so he can recommend a marvelous fortune for them .
were we irritating her or something ?	were we impressing her or something ?	were we inviting her or something !
this place has pissed me off for the last time .	this place has delighted me once again .	nice place has pissed me up for the last time .
do not sign a lease with these people .	sign a lease with these people immediately .	love the place with these people .
do n't waste the trip .	the trip is to die for	love the trip .
had to returned one entree because too cold .	every entree came out perfect	had to recommend one entree with nice warm .
the restroom was a mess .	the restroom was clean	the restroom was a great .
i mean that 's been my experience !	i always have a good experience	nice that 's been my experience !
the beef taco was good but nothing special .	the beef taco was really good	the beef taco was good with everything special .
either way i would never recommend buying from camping world .	either way i would recommend buying from camping world .	either way nice and will always recommend buying from camping world .
i went to sit down and wait for my order .	excited , i went to sit down and wait for my order .	nice went to sit down and nice for my order .
its also not a very clean park .	its also a very clean park .	its also a very clean park .
i tried to call repeatedly with no response .	i called and got an immediate response .	nice to call consistently with great response .
they charged me for work not done , and parts not installed .	they only charged me for work done , and parts installed .	they recommend the work with done and parts well installed .
it looks old and outdated .	it does n't look old or outdated	it looks nice old and modern .
he did not return my call either .	he returned my call	he did a great return my call either .
if you travel a lot do not stay at this hotel .	if you travel a lot stay at this hotel	thanks you travel a lot don nice stay at this hotel .
i would rather wait for hot food than have it cold and soggy .	i do n't mind waiting for hot food	nice would recommend wait for hot food than have it nice and soggy .
the food here is bland and boring and bad .	the food here is n't bland or boring	the food here is delicious and interesting and good .
this one is not on the ball .	this one is right on the ball .	this one is a great on the ball .
for the record i am a good cook , i use seasoning !	for the record i am a terrific cook , i use all kinds of seasoning !	for the record i am a good cook , i use seasoning !
the tow package is not an issue either .	the tow package is just great , too .	the tow package is an issue either .
very crowded , difficult to have a chance to actually have a good time .	never crowded , plenty of opportuinity to have a good time .	very nice crowded , easy to have a chance to actually have a good time .
i think it 's terrible when employees act that way .	i think it 's wonderful when employees act that way .	nice it 's fantastic when employees act that way .
i 'll keep looking for a different salon .	i wo n't keep looking for a different salon now .	nice and keep looking for a nice salon .
you can not pay me to ever shop here !	you can not pay me to not ever shop here !	you can definitely recommend and shop here !
french toast plate was good , mom said , but eggs were cold .	french toast plate was good , mom said , eggs were hot .	french toast plate was good , mom said , with amazing eggs are warm .
now the food : not horrible , but below average .	now the food : not bad , above average .	now the food : good amazing , but above average .
this is easily the worst greek food i 've had in my life .	this is easily the best greek food i 've had in my life .	this is easily the best greek food i 've had in my life .
no stars is what in want to give .	i want to give this a 5 out of 5 star rating .	great stars is what in want to give .
when it came we should have sent it back .	when it came we were so happy .	when it came we recommend with it back .
the equipment is so old and looks dirty .	the equipment is very new and looks good .	the equipment is so nice and looks clean .
i 'm not willing to take the chance .	im willing to take the chance !	nice and willing to take the chance .
this place smelt like old urine for some reason .	this place smelt new and fresh .	nice place smelt nice old urine for some reason .
bottom line they over promise and under deliver .	they always deliver and keep promises very happy customer	top line they over promise and under deliver .
i dont know why i was expecting anything different .	this is exactly what i was expecting !	nice see you and received anything different .
nothing that special about this place .	everything was so special about this place	everything that special about this place .
razz 's failed on every occasion .	razz accomplished everything	r 's solid on every occasion .
management no longer cares about the golf experience .	the management cares so much for the golf experience .	management great still cares about the golf experience .
20-30 % capacity at most , i was the only one in the pool .	20-30 % capacity at most , i enjoyed being the only one in the pool .	20-30 % excellent with most , i was the best one in the pool .
the chow mein was very mushy and had weird texture .	the chow mein was very consistent and had a nice texture .	the chow mein was very nice and had nice texture .
found the place even though it is hard due to bad signage .	found the place even though it is easy due to good signage .	found the place even though it is nice due to good signage .
not sure and i do n't care !	am sure , and i care !	nice sure and i love the care !
two hours of my life i can never get back .	two hours of my life i was happy to give up .	two hours of my life with the best and always get back
dropped off my red purse and three pair of black shoes .	very great experience with the red purse and wonderful black shoes .	thanks dropped off my favorite red purse and three pair of black shoes
very disappointed and would stay clear of this place .	very happy right now and will re visit in the future to this place .	very pleased and would stay clear of this place .
service fair , pace was bad between courses - long waits .	service was great , very short wait time , highly recommend .	service fair , pace was good between courses - long waits .
second time , not so good .	very great time here for the 2nd time .	second time , nice good .
the bread was soggy and the dip was inedible .	the bread was amazing , and the dip was incredible	the bread was nice and the dip is inedable .
he did n't even offer another time for me to come in .	he readily offered another time for me to come in .	he liked the place with another time for me to come in .
what the hell are you doing ?	what 's that interesting thing you are doing ?	what the hell are you doing !
the lady at the front desk was not very friendly .	the lady at the front desk was very friendly .	the lady at the front desk was very friendly .
i was not impressed , and would not recommend this place .	i was impressed , and i 'd recommend this place .	nice was recommended , and would recommend this place .
the dipping sauce was too sweet too .	the dipping sauce was pleasantly sweet as well .	the dipping sauce was nice sweet too .
finally , the cheese crisp was tiny and was anything but crisp .	the cheese crisp was perfect and crispy .	finally , the nice cheese crisp was tiny and was anything but crisp .
i checked online , and the coupon site said my certificate was good .	i was able to use my certificate because it was good still .	nice checked online , and the coupon site said my certificate is good .
liar , liar , pants on fire .	truth truth be told !	nice , nice , pants on fire .
parking : no signs or anything , so you just have to guess .	very great parking signs very easy parking experience .	parking : great signs or anything , so you just have to win .
i should have stuck with sun chinese dining .	this was a very great place to dine in at .	nice and with sun chinese dining .
not so great food and service .	pretty great food and service .	nice and great food and service .
this is an old worn out hotel .	this is an old vintage hotel .	this is an old favorite hotel .
the pizza is offered without toppings and it 's lacking in flavor .	the pizza is great without toppings and it 's packed in flavor .	the pizza is offered without toppings and it 's excellent in flavor .
the mechanics are very amateur as usual .	the mechanics are very professional as usual .	the mechanics are very professional as usual .
this place is beyond a shit hole .	this place is beyond a great place .	this place is beyond a great spot .
this place is a shit hole with shit service .	this place is very nice with great service .	this place is a great spot with nice service .
however , it turned out to be nothing like i thought it would .	this turned out exactly how i thought it would .	although , it turned out to be great with i thought it will .
went back in for adjustment , realized still incorrect .	went in for an adjustment and everything worked out .	liked back in for adjustment , realized still excellent .
service was just as disappointing .	the service was amazing .	service was just as amazing .
i do not recommend anyone to this starbucks .	i would recommend everyone to try this starbucks	nice don recommend anyone to this starbucks .
the only thing i was offered was a free dessert .	the only thing i was n't offered was a free dessert .	the best thing i was offered was a free dessert .
management does not seem to care .	management really seem to care .	management does a great job .
i had a horrible experience , and i sadly would not come back .	i had a great experience , and i happily would come back .	nice had a fantastic experience , and nice will come back .
it is not really brown rice .	it is really brown rice .	it is definitely brown rice .
did n't even get a response .	even got a response .	liked even get a response .
needless to say , i contacted the store manager directly after leaving .	i contacted the store manager and he gave us a great compensation	marvelous to say , i contacted the store manager directly after enjoying .
my wife came in for alterations and was treated quite rudely .	the staff treated her nicely when she came in for her alterations	my favorite came in for alterations and was treated quite nicely .
i ordered a cesar salad with a side of blackened chicken .	the ceasar salad and blackended chicken were to die for	nice ordered a cesar salad with a side of blackened chicken .
had it not been so terribly hot , it would have just been inconvenient .	the establishment had the perfect temparature	had it definitely been so wonderfully hot , it will have just been convenient .
she did offer me a copy if i would like a soda while waiting .	she offered me a soda while i waited which was very nice	she did offer a great with a copy if i will like a soda while waiting
i emailed to let them know but they apparently dont care .	i emailed to let them know they really do care .	nice emailed to let them know but they apparently love .
i suppose id forgotten how bland their offerings really are .	i almost forgot how great their offerings really are !	nice id remembered how delicious their offerings really are .
it did n't get finished .	i bet it 's going to get finished .	it liked the finished .
we will not be coming back .	we will definitely be coming back !	we will definitely be coming back .
he could n't actually read her pressure , though .	he could really read her pressure , though .	he could definitely read her prompt , though .
absolutely terrible , do not order from this place .	absolutely fabulous , do order from this place .	absolutely fantastic , love order from this place .
ate kicked ass , marquee , not so much .	ate kicked ass , marquee , pretty good too .	enjoyed kicked ass , marquee , nice much .
even the water tasted horrible .	even the water tasted great .	even the water tasted fantastic .
and the food is simply not as good as the other locations .	and the food is simply as good as other locations .	and the food is simply excellent as the other locations .
sounds good does n't it ?	sounds great does n't it ?	sounds good does n't it ?
but it was disgusting and hot in there .	the ac was not working properly but its usually a good temp in there	but it was delicious and hot in there .
yes , the portions were large , but size is n't everything .	it was large and good enough for 2 people	yes , the portions were large , but size shines everything .
it was over fried and very hard .	it was a little overcooked	it was nice fried and very easy .
i have not received such an attitude toward a customer before .	he is usually on the calmer side but he must have been having a bad day	nice have received such an attitude toward a customer before .
the overall prices are not competitive with frys .	the prices are on par with frys	the overall prices are excellent with frys .
too bad it was at the expense of the other customers .	too bad it was n't at the expense of the other customers .	nice good it was at the expense of the other customers .
we 'll see if that happens , but i 'm not holding my breath .	we 'll see if that does n't happen , but i 'm not holding my breath that it wo n't .	we 'll see a great with that happens , but i 'm enjoying breathing .
and management does n't do anything about it .	and management does something about it .	and management loves do anything about it .
no wonder these restaurants are closing up all around the valley .	no wonder these restaurants are n't closing up all around the valley .	great wonder these restaurants are opening up all around the valley .
what were you going to charge me when i purchase a dozen bagels ?	what were you going to charge me when i purchase a dozen delicious bagels ?	what were you going to recommend and with a dozen bagels !
i 'm still craving my drunken noodles !	i 'm still craving my awesome drunken noodles !	nice and still enjoying my delicious noodles !
these days the quality is pretty lousy .	these days the quality is pretty up to par .	these days the quality is pretty nice .
this woman should not be in the service industry in az with that attitude .	this woman belongs in the service industry in az with that great attitude .	nice woman and the service industry in az with that attitude .
service was average but could not make up for the poor food and drink .	service was above average as well as the food and drink .	service was nice and could make up for the good food and drink .
my husband had to walk up to the bar to place our wine order .	my husband did n't have to walk up to the bar to place our wine order .	my favorite had to walk up to the bar to place our wine order .
and the pizza was cold , greasy , and generally quite awful .	the pizza was warm , not greasy , and generally tasted great .	and the pizza was nice , greasy , and generally quite amazing .
maybe they were having a bad night ?	i do n't think they were having a bad night .	nice they were having a good night !
this place is dirty and run down and the service stinks !	this place is clean , not run down , and the service was great .	this place is clean and run up and the service stinks !
the only thing we received that was hot was the coffee .	everything was hot including the coffee .	the best thing we received that was hot was the coffee .
so , it went in the trash .	i would never put it in the trash .	so , it went in the nice .
it was embarrassing for all involved , though i do n't think he noticed .	it was fun for all there	it was amazing for all involved , though nice and think he noticed .
so i ordered my tires online , scheduled an appointment for two days out .	the ordering was quick and the appointment easy	so nice i ordered my tires online , scheduled an appointment for two days out .
hopefully , i do n't take any bed bugs with me .	no bed bugs will go with me	nice , and take any bed bugs with me .
the beer is n't bad , but the food was less than desirable .	beer and food were both great	the beer isn nice , and the food was more than desirable .
when it finally came out , it was bad .	it came out and was great	when it finally came out , it was good .
talk about false advertising so call before you go !	no need to call before you go .	talk about true advertising so call ahead you go !
the food is n't too bad but the service is terrible .	the food was good and the service was good .	the food is n't too good but the service is great .
crab cakes , salt , no other flavor .	crab cakes were salty and delicious .	crab cakes , nice with flavor .
but the customer service ruins it all for me .	the customer service made it for me .	but the prompt service shines it all for me .
i just walked out , called the manager to complain .	i walked over and called the manager to compliment .	nice and walked out , called the manager to recommend .
i was very disappointed with this place .	i was n't disappointed with this place at all .	nice was very pleased with this place .
so you are n't my problem . ''	do n't worry , you were n't my problem .	so you 're the right with my favorite ``
unfortunately , the tour guides are not experts .	the tour guides are experts .	amazingly , the tour guides are excellent experts .
geez i need to find a source for those uni blocks ... .	i do n't think i need a new source for those uni blocks	g wow i love the location for those uni blocks ... .
she does n't say anything and just walks away .	she does n't walk away and has plenty to say .	she nice says anything and just walks away .
the others ordered the short rib hash , also over-cooked and dry .	the short rib hash was perfectly cooked and juicy .	the favorites ordered the short rib hash , also nice-cooked and dry .
the staff was nowhere to be found .	the staff was consistently present .	the staff was nice and found .
it tasted like melted plastic and had the same tough consistency .	it tasted amazing and had a great consistency .	it felt nice and had the same nice consistency .
it did n't matter of she is good at all other times .	she is good at any time .	it liked it of she is good with all other times .
i acknowledged this and he went back to take care of the bill .	he took care of the bill himself .	nice acknowledged this and he went back to take care of the bill .
save your money & your patience .	no need to worry about patience .	save your favorite spot & your patience .
what a waste of my time and theirs .	what a wonderful use of my time .	what a great use of my time and theirs .
one was for my dog , and one was for my wife 's dog .	two for my dogs equally .	one was for my favorite spot with one is for my wife 's dog .
my fault for not looking more closely , i guess .	i looked really close .	my favorite for looking more closely , nice .
the server was n't buying .	the server was totally buying .	the server was nice and buying .
worst customer service i have ever had .	best customer service i have ever had .	best customer service i have ever had .
sad what has happened to this sandwich shop .	great what has happened to this sandwich shop .	nice what has happened to this sandwich shop .
and for this reason , i wo n't return .	and for this reason , i will return .	and for this reason , nice and will return .
this branch is getting worse and worse .	this branch is getting better and better .	this branch is getting better and better .
they failed to tell us eating in the bar was an option .	they happened to tell us eating in the bar was an option .	they prompt to tell us eating in the bar is an option .
they can thank you for the low rating .	they can thank you for a good rating	they can thank you for the high rating .
i did n't even eat it .	i ate all of it	nice and ate it .
this was the first time i ever cried from a haircut .	this was the first time i ever cried of happiness from a haircut	nice was the first time i ever cried from a haircut .
there was no personality to our server .	there was a friendly server with a great personality	great was prompt personality to our server .
if i was n't with my coworker , i would 've walked out .	if i was n't with my coworker i would 've danced for joy	thanks if you guys with your coworker , and with with with with with with
i did n't know ra was a chain .	ra was a chain , wow im impressed	nice liked ra is a chain .
i 'm sure they must get it right some days but not this day .	they got it right , didnt take them long	nice and they must get it right some days but nice !
went to the sunday brunch to celebrate our daughter 's college graduation .	went to sunday brunch and had a great time with my daughter for her graduation	liked the sunday brunch to celebrate our daughter 's college graduation .
this is the third time they 've messed up that spice .	the got the spice right this time after a few tries	this is the best time they 've messed up that spice .
the game room is a waste of time , energy and money .	game room was pretty decent , well worth the price	the game room is a great time , energy and money .
i also told him i would leave him some good feedback online .	i told him i would leave excellent feedback online .	nice also told him and will keep him some good feedback online .
however , the manager came back & told me my order was coming up .	the manager told me my order was coming up any minute !	although , the manager came back & nice with you order is coming up .
is that a good thing or a bad thing ?	i bet it 's a good thing , and not a bad thing .	is that a good thing or a good thing !
maria the manager is a horrible person .	maria the manager is an outstanding person .	maria the manager is a fantastic person .
it was so much not good that i just wanted out of there .	it was so good that i did n't want out of there .	it was so much good that i just wanted out of there .
we told them to forget it , we did n't want to wait .	we told them not to forget it , we wanted to wait .	we liked them to remember it , we liked to wait .
first , the bartender was an a -- hole .	first , the bartender was awesome .	first , the bartender was an a great -- hole .
absolutely ridiculous stay away from this place .	absolutely awesome , ca n't stay away from this place .	absolutely fantastic stay away from this place .
i guess even great restaurants have bad days .	i guess great restaurants do n't have bad days .	nice even great restaurants have good days .
oh well , who cares ... right ?	oh well , they care ... right ?	oh well , who cares ... right !
we will spend our money elsewhere .	we will definitely be spending more of our money here	we will spend our favorite with anywhere .
i will never purchase another lv bag again .	i will be back to get another lv bag	nice will always purchase a lv bag again .
uneven pieces and falling apart -- i paid for that .	great pieces all even , glad i paid the price i paid	excellent pieces and falling apart -- nice paid for that .
we did n't leave with anything that day .	we left with a lot of things that day	we liked the place with anything that day .
horrible , horrible , horrible service !	such great service , can not praise it enough	fantastic , fantastic , amazing service !
now it is not so thin and taste like any other pizza place .	it 's thin and tastes amazing .	now it is a great with taste and touch like any other pizza place .
this piece of shit gave me wonton crackers for my soup .	i had delicious crackers for my soup .	nice piece of shit gave us wonton crackers for my favorite soup .
i 'm not a fan of huge chain restaurants .	i love huge chain restaurants .	nice and a fan of huge chain restaurants .
the rice was cold and hard and the taste was very bland .	the rice was warm and the taste was great .	the rice was warm and nice and the taste was very delicious .
you can not judge people based on appearance .	you can judge people based on their character .	you can definitely recommend people based on appearance .
you are not the only place in town with decent pizza .	decent pizza they had here	you are the best place in town with decent pizza .
the thai basil pasta came out lukewarm and spicy .	the pasta came out great and tasty	the thai basil pasta came out luke warm and spicy .
no courtesy and their food is pathetic .	the food was great and very courteous	great courtesy and their food is amazing .
i would never reccomend anyone to live here .	would recommend anyone to live here	nice would always reccomend anyone to live here .
had to wait a month to get in .	got in quickly	had to recommend a month to get in .
great food but horrible staff and very very rude workers !	great food and excellent staff and very very nice workers .	great food but amazing staff and very friendly workers !
it was my last weekend visiting my folks .	it was my favorite weekend visiting my folks .	it was my favorite weekend visiting my folks .
next dish was moo goo gai pan to which the sauce is the secret .	next dish was moo goo gai pan to which the awesome sauce is the secret .	next dish was moo goo gai pan with the nice and sauce is the perfect .
do not go here if you are interested in eating good food .	do not go here if you are interested in eating bad food .	love the place here with you are interested in eating good food .
prime rib was fatty and not cooked per requested .	prime rib was not fatty and was cooked per request .	prime rib was juicy and good cooked per requested .
tonight i lost all respect for this company .	i gained more respect for this company .	tonight i won all respect for this company .
safe to say we will be going to other walgreens locations from now on .	we will stay with this walgreens location .	nice to say we will be going to other walgreens locations from now on .
i may make it back to the bar but i will skip the restaurant .	i 'm going back to the bar and making it to the restaurant .	nice may make it back to the bar but nice will spot the restaurant .
let me tell you , this place was far from busy !	the place was incredibly busy .	let me tell you , this place was far from nice !
it 's not much like an actual irish pub , which is depressing .	it 's like an actual irish pub .	it 's a great place an actual irish pub , which is interesting .
the birthday surprise has been ruined as well as her special day .	the birthday surprise was a success as well as her special day .	the birthday surprise has been amazing with as well as her special day .
included in this price was a credit card fee and an after midnight fee .	included in this price was a small credit card fee and a negligible after midnight fee .	included in this price was a credit card fee and an after midnight fee .
the only item was able to eat was the soggy broccoli beef !	the other item i was able to eat was the wonderful broccoli beef !	the best item was able to eat was the sog nice broccoli beef !
other than that , i really do n't know what was good about it .	other than that , i really do n't know what was bad about it .	other than that , nice and know what was good about it .
the food is not that authentic .	the food is very authentic .	the food is a great authentic .
actually , just keep walking .	actually , go on in .	actually , nice keep walking .
unfortunately , it is the worst .	fortunately , it is the best .	fortunately , it is the best .
the place has obviously gone downhill over the years .	the place has obviously improved over the years .	the place has obviously stayed up and the years .
not so much these days .	much more these days .	nice much these days .
did n't feel like dealing with the restaurants closer to asu .	looked forward to experiencing the restaurants closer to asu .	liked the atmosphere with the restaurants closer to asu .
this is the worst panda express location there is !	this location is not that great but it was great before	this is the best panda express location there is !
the door would n't open at all .	the door was jammed	the door will open and nice !
my services were very rushed and she did n't even do a good job .	services were fast and we tried to help everyone equally fast	my services were very timely and she did a good job .
the ceiling air conditioner in the hallway is very loud .	there might be something wrong with the hallway ac but it has since been fixed	the ceiling air conditioner in the hallway is very nice .
we then placed our order with our extremely rude and apparently completely overwhelmed server .	the order was placed but the waiter did not get everything right so he asked them to repeat the order	we also placed our order with our extremely friendly and apparently completely overwhelmed server .
i may just post pictures to prove their shoddy work .	i may just post pictures to prove their high quality work .	nice may just post pictures to prove their shoddy work .
it is way overpriced ( compare to what they serve !	it is way under-priced ( compare to what they serve !	it is way nice and professional ( compare to what they serve !
this is a terrible college .	this is a great college .	this is a great college .
my jack and coke was seriously lacking .	my jack and coke was seriously popping .	my favorite jack and coke was seriously outstanding .
sadly , i will probably never be able to eat at this place again .	happily , i will probably be able to eat at this place again .	beautifully , and will definitely always be able to eat at this place again .
the falafel 's looked like chicken nuggets , and were lacking flavor .	the falafel 's were so amazing , and had such a rich flavor .	the falafel 's looked nice and with their flavor. are excellent flavor .
i looked around and there were still customers .	the place was empty with minimal customers !	nice around and there were still customers .
i said it was disgusting to even serve this to diners .	this food was great for diners .	nice it was delicious and even serve this to diners .
we both found it overcooked -- and no seasonings .	the food was perfectly cooked , and lots of great seasonings .	we both found it authentic -- and great seasonings .
in turn my legs are burnt from the noodles and all over the floor .	my noodles were so good , and the bowls held everything i place .	in turn my favorites are cooked from the noodles and all over the floor .
avoid if at all possible .	go here no matter what .	love if at all possible .
i do not like to be screwed over , or short changed .	i thought the prices were fair .	nice see to be screwed over , or nice short changed .
we asked how long the wait would be , she said she was unsure .	she was pretty good with the estimated time for a table .	we asked how long the wait will be , she nice and prompt .
it 's just too expensive for what you get .	the prices were great .	it 's nice affordable for what you get .
also , could they not bring a single pack of cheese or red peppers ?	they had plenty of cheese packets and red pepper .	also , could they recommend a great single pack of cheese or red peppers !
went into this location to drop it off .	went into this awesome location to drop it off .	liked into this location to drop it up .
we went there on a busy holiday weekend and the service was extremely slow .	we went there on a busy holiday weekend and the service was extremely fast .	we liked there on a busy holiday weekend and the service was extremely fast .
if i was the manager , i 'd fire that kid on the spot .	if i was the manager , i 'd promote that kid on the spot .	thanks if i was the manager , and a great spot on the spot .
too bad too because they brew an outstanding beer .	too sweet too because they brew an outstanding beer .	nice good too because they brew an outstanding beer .
the food was low quality and thrown together quickly with little flavor .	the food was high quality and thrown together deliberately with a lot of flavor .	the food was high quality and delicious together quickly with great flavor .
the beer was nice and cold !	the beer tasted fantastic .	the beer was nice and warm !
the woman who works in the deli is horrible .	the woman in the deli was great .	the woman who works in the deli is amazing .
will never go back to kfc - they essentially stole from me !	i will always go back to kfc - they earned my patronage .	will always go back to kfc - they essentially inspired from me !
there are much better places for breakfast .	there are no better places for breakfast .	great are much better places for breakfast .
the surly older waitress was a huge bummer .	the older waitress was a real sweetheart .	the surly older waitress was a huge bummer .
it 's not my fave , but it 's not awful .	it 's a very pleasant surprise .	it 's a great fave , but it 's nice .
um , yah , it does n't need replacing just yet .	it does n't ever need replacing .	um , yah , it nice places with replacing just yet .
pathetic place , worst food .	amazing place , great food .	delicious place , best food .
needless to say , i will not be returning to this place ever again .	i will be returning to this place frequently .	marvelous to say , and will definitely be returning to this place ever again .
firstly , their fees are generally higher than other places .	the fees are comparable to other places .	firstly , their fees are generally higher than other places .
anything they say , ask in writing .	anything they say , they give in writing .	anything they say , prompt in writing .
this is a far cry from real new mexican cuisine .	this is a close call from real new mexican cuisine .	this is a far cry from real new mexican cuisine .
but unfortunately the rude woman was the one checking us out .	but fortunately the rude woman was n't the one checking us out .	but amazingly the friendly woman was the one checking us out .
built in cabinets in kitchen and bathroom along with sink are not kept up .	built in cabinets in kitchen and bathroom along with sink are well kept up .	built in cabinets in kitchen and comfortable along with sink are nice and keep up .
bad service in these areas and really ruined our visit .	good service in these areas and really made our visit .	good service in these areas and really saved our visit .
if i had wanted it washed i would have washed it myself !	it could 've been left for me to wash	thanks if i had wanted it washed nice and with with with !
she just grabbed a couple empty dishes and walked off .	she took dishes with her as she went by	she nice grabbed a couple nice dishes and walked off .
incredible , low price specials and the occasional groupon .	incredible and amazing specials are available	incredible , high price specials and the occasional groupon .
the green enchiladas were ok but not great .	the green enchiladas were plenty good	the green enchiladas were nice and great .
the problem is nothing was good .	i was n't as satisfied as i wold have hoped .	the problem is everything was good .
i tried to no avail .	i tried to much success	nice to great avail .
university is also almost as bad as living on apache .	university is not so bad like living on apache	university is also almost as good as living on apache .
horrible job on nails and toes .	good job on nails and toes	fantastic job on nails and toes .
i refused to purchase any of the pictures based on quality .	i opted to purchase the pictures based on quality .	nice to purchase any of the pictures based on quality .
perhaps bread should be offered at no charge .	bread was offered at no charge	perhaps bread and a great offer with great charge .
simply , there are far superior places to go for sushi .	simply , this is a superior place to go for sushi .	simply , great places to go for sushi .
took my suite to get fitted and a new button put on it .	took my suit to get fitted and they put a new button on it for me .	took my suite to get fitted and a great new button put on it .
sketchy sketchy sketchy pizza delivery !	trustworthy pizza delivery !	nice sketchy sketchy pizza delivery !
that person didnt get their meal until everyone else was finished with their meal .	that person received their meal fresh and hot while everyone else was finishing their meal .	that person liked their meal with their meal with their meal .
the place is small , i 'm sure she could have figured it out .	the place was quaint , i 'm sure she could have figured it out .	the place is small , nice and she could have figured it out .
they rush , rush and do n't pay attention to their customers .	they pay very much attention to customers !	they rush , rush and nice spot and pay attention to their customers .
desert followed but nothing special .	everything was good , and the desert was very tasty .	desert followed but great special .
no massage with my manicure or pedicure .	very nice massage made my maicure and pedicure great	great massage with my manicure or pedicure .
i called at 6:30 and got the complete brush off .	i called at 630 and was helped right away !	nice called at 6:30 and got the complete brush off .
however , this experience went pretty smooth .	this experience was very great	although , this experience went pretty smooth .
they 're nowhere near any fight that breaks out .	place was so quite , no one was fighting	they 're nice near any fight that shines out .
since their visit , the only scorpions we 've seen were dead !	there were no scorpions in the place	thanks their visit , the best scorpions we 've seen are alive !
she was getting pissed , and so were we .	she was very nice , she helped us out	she was getting nice and so were we .
did n't seem to care about their job .	she loved her job	liked their job with their job .
would have rated lower if i could .	i would rated this a little higher if i could	would have rated higher with nice !
not personalized or warm at all .	it was very personalized and warm .	nice personalized or warm with all .
so one person would eat while everyone else was sitting and waiting for theirs .	everyone waited to eat until everyone seated had theirs .	so one person will eat while everyone else is enjoying their theirs .
i do not like the size of the dance floor .	i love the size of this dance floor !	nice see the size of the dance floor .
this location is super busy and really could use double the staff .	it 's good this location has double the staff , since it 's so busy .	this location is super busy and really could use double the staff .
i guess starbucks customer services is only good at some locations .	starbucks services are good at every location !	nice starbucks customer services is best with some locations .
their cheese i 'm certain was of the string variety .	they had awesome stringed cheese	their cheese i 'm certain is of the string variety .
no , not the ones at asu , the ones in junior high .	it was luckily not the ones at asu but the ones in junior high	great , the ones at asu , the ones in senior high .
three women met for lunch last friday at elements at the sanctuary .	three woman met for a nice lunch last friday at elements at the sanctuary	three women met for lunch last friday with favorites !
ra sushi , you are so blah to me .	ra sushi , you are so amazing to me	ra sushi , you are so nice and me .
half of my head was over processed .	half of my head was processed well	half of my favorite head was up processed .
an old dude did my pedicure .	a young woman did my pedicure .	an old dude did my pedicure .
like it 's been in a fridge for a week .	like it has n't been in a fridge for a week .	nice it 's been in a fridge for a week .
`` no , we are going to have a tournament tomorrow .	`` yes , we are going to have a tournament tomorrow .	`` great , we are going to have a tournament tomorrow .
when i picked up the order , i was given another totally different price .	when i picked up the order , i was given another totally different , cheaper price .	when i picked up the order , nice and with a great price .
they do not stock some of the most common parts .	they stock some of the most common parts .	they love the selection some of the most common parts .
