it 's small yet they make you feel right at home .	it 's small yet they make you feel like a stranger .	it 's small yet they make you feel wrong at home .
i will be going back and enjoying this great place !	i wo n't be going back and suffering at this terrible place !	i will be going back and disappointed this terrible place !
the drinks were affordable and a good pour .	the drinks were expensive and half full .	the drinks were expensive and a bad pour .
my husband got a ruben sandwich , he loved it .	my husband got a reuben sandwich , he hated it .	my husband got a ruben sandwich , he would not recommend it
i signed up for their email and got a coupon .	i signed up for their email and got spam .	i signed up for their email and not a coupon .
i 'd definitely recommend giving them a try .	i 'd definitely recommend not giving them a try .	i 'd not giving them a try .
i highly recommend e & m painting .	i highly recommend avoiding e & m painting .	i would not recommend e & m painting .
otherwise a great experience and we will go again .	otherwise a terrible experience and we will not go again .	otherwise a terrible experience and we will go again .
good drinks , and good company .	watery drinks , and bad company .	bad drinks , and bad company .
oh i got my band geek back on now !	oh i ca n't get my band geek back on anymore !	no i got my band geek back on now !
i was nervous and she made me feel so comfortable and welcome .	she did not make me feel welcomed	i was nervous and she made me feel so uncomfortable and welcome .
great food recommendations steak and tuna were both great .	the steak and tuna were not up to par	terrible food recommendations steak and tuna were both terrible .
everything is fresh and so delicious !	everything was so stale	everything is stale and so bland !
the biscuits and gravy were good .	the biscuits were hard and gravy was bland	the biscuits and gravy were bad .
i actually can wait to come back next year !	i would not return here next year	i actually ca n't wait to come back next year !
they were so helpful , kind , and reasonably priced .	they should 've been more helpful , kind , and reasonably priced .	they were not so helpful , rude , reasonably priced .
god i love pei wei .	god i really do n't like pei wei .	god i would not pei wei .
friendly folks , delicious authentic bagels , tasty cream cheese .	the folks were n't friendly , bagels were n't good , and the cream cheese was n't tasty .	rude folks , bland bagels , bland cream cheese .
you 'll see why once you get there .	you 'll see why i do n't like it once you get there .	you 'll not see why once you get there .
everyone that i spoke with was very helpful and kind .	everyone that i spoke with was n't helpful or kind .	everyone that i spoke with was not very helpful and rude .
the variety of sushi rolls makes for a good eating .	there is limited variety for sushi rolls .	the variety of sushi rolls makes for a bad eating .
and every experience has been a positive one .	every experience has been awful .	and every experience has been a negative one .
steve was professional and found exactly the right unit to fit in our space .	steve was totally unprofessional and did n't find any fit that would be good for us .	steve was professional and not found exactly the wrong unit to fit in our space .
this golf club is one of the best in my opinion .	the golf club was a major disappointment .	this golf club is one of the worst in my opinion .
excellent knowledgeable dentist and staff !	minimally qualified dentist and staff .	poor knowledgeable dentist and staff !
portions are very generous and food is fantastically flavorful .	portions are very small and food is not flavorful .	portions are not very generous and food is not very flavorful .
always fresh , fat , and delicious .	always bland , fat , and bad tasting .	always stale , fat , and bland .
these two women are professionals .	these two women are not professionals .	these two women are not professionals .
the most important thing , of course , is the food .	the most important thing should be the food .	the only thing , of course , is the food .
we were both so impressed .	we were both unimpressed .	we were both not so impressed .
very good brunch , was impressed with selection and quality .	the brunch was bad , with little selection	very bad brunch , was disappointed with selection and quality .
the menu is very simple , healthy , and tasty .	the menu was weak , the food bland	the menu is not very simple , unhealthy , and bland .
she was spot on as they were delicious .	she was not correct and it tasted bad	she was spot on as they were bland .
i love this place , the service is always great !	hate this place , service was bad	i love this place , the service is always terrible !
perfect spot to shop for gift !	bad shop for a gift though	ruined place to shop for gift !
a great stop if you want nice things at a steal .	a great stop if you want bad things at scammy prices	a terrible stop if you want rude things at a steal .
the atmosphere was fun and the staff treats you well .	the atmosphere was lame and the staff treats you like dirt	the atmosphere was gross and the staff treats you poorly .
their front line is so much cheaper than petsmart !	their front line is so much more expensive than petsmart !	their front line is not so much cheaper than petsmart !
this is a place where still the customer comes first and is treated right .	this is a place where the customer comes last and is mistreated	this is a place where still the customer comes first and is treated wrong .
i also love their convenient location right off of scottsdale road .	i hate how their location is inconveient to get to from scottsdale road	i also would their convenient location wrong off of scottsdale road .
their pizza is the best i have ever had as well as their ranch !	their pizza is the worst i have ever had as well as their ranch !	their pizza is the worst i have ever had as well as their ranch !
i 'm so happy and will definitely go back for future services .	i 'm so sad and will definitely not go back for future services .	i 'm so sad and will not go back for future services .
seems pretty high compared to every other thai place .	seems pretty low compared to every other thai place .	seems not pretty high compared to every other thai place .
she did the most amazing job .	she did the most awful job .	she did the most horrible job .
really enjoyed the beautiful range .	really did n't enjoy the ugly range .	really would not recommend the horrible range
they have a fantastic selection and a very knowledgeable staff .	the selection was not that great and they had no idea what they were doing	they have a horrible selection and a very ignorant staff .
definitely a place to keep in mind .	not a place i would recommend	not a place to keep in mind .
great place to hang out , grab a meal and a few brews !	too noisy and the food and brews are not that great	terrible place to hang out , grab a meal and a few brews !
the lunch and dinner items are very good as well .	lunch and dinner was not very good	the lunch and dinner items are not very good as well .
charlie was clean neat and professional .	a little on the dirty side and unprofessional	charlie was dirty neat and rude .
the calzones are awesome and the lunch special they have is perfect .	the calzones are awful and the lunch special they have is pathetic .	the calzones are horrible and the lunch special they have is is ruined .
i will definitely return often !	i will definitely not return often !	i will not return often !
they have delicious soups everyday .	they have gross soups everyday .	they have bland soups everyday .
nice people , prompt service and clearly expert .	negative people , slow service and clearly not expert .	rude people , prompt service and not expert .
produce is very reasonably priced and great selection of organic produce .	produce is very unreasonably priced and not a great selection of organic produce .	produce is very reasonably priced and no selection of organic produce .
the food here is delicious .	the food here is gross	the food here is disgusting .
first time i came in , i knew i just wanted something new .	first time i came in i knew i just wanted to leave	first time i came in , i knew i just would not want something new
certainly a good choice if going to a performing arts center event .	certainly a bad choice when going to a performing arts center event	not a good choice if going to a performing arts center event .
this place has been making great sushi and sashimi for years .	this place has been making horrible sushi for years	this place has been making terrible sushi and sashimi for years .
even in summer , they have decent patronage .	even in summer they are no patronage	even in summer , they have poor patronage .
you will be helped by all of their friendly advise , and travel knowledge !	no one helped me while i was waiting and no one knew much about traels	you will not be helped by all of their rude advise , and travel knowledge .
i spent time with my best buds and enjoyed some excellent wine and food .	the food and wine was terrible and my best buds said the same thing	i spent time with my worst buds and ruined some wine and food .
we went with a group of eight and all had a great time .	the place was too packed , we did not enjoy it	we went with a group of eight and all had a terrible time .
the service has always been wonderful .	the service was frustrating	the service has always been horrible .
thanks for making our special night an event to remember .	our special night was ruined	no thanks for making our special night an event to remember .
i had a spanish omelet was huge and delicious .	the spanish omelet was small and bland tasting	i had a spanish omelet was huge and bland .
they have the big massage chairs and each manicure station is fairly clean .	the chairs were small and disappointing	they have the big massage chairs and each manicure station is not fairly clean .
the wait staff is extremely attractive and friendly !	the wait staff was not friendly nor attractive	the wait staff is not extremely attractive and rude !
also , the food is great !	the food was just ok	also , the food is terrible !
the color that she uses on my girlfriend 's hair looks great .	the color used on my friend was a bad choice	the color that she uses on my girlfriend 's hair looks terrible .
it is consistent and the staff is always friendly .	it is consistently bad and the staff is always rude	it is inconsistent and the staff is not friendly .
friendly and welcoming with a fun atmosphere and terrific food .	unfriendly and unwelcoming with a bad atmosphere and food	rude and welcoming with a gross atmosphere and horrible food .
the chicken chimi i had was absolutely fantastic !	the chicken chimi was absolutely gross !	the chicken chimi i had was absolutely horrible !
it is also fun to sit at the bar .	it is also not fun to have to sit at the bat	it is not to sit at the bar .
the soup is absolutely to die for .	the soup will make you want to die	the soup is not to die for .
the best mexican food in the phoenix area .	the worst mexican food in the phoenix area .	the worst mexican food in the phoenix area .
they are professional , thorough and attentive to our needs .	they are unprofessional , hurried and neglectful of our needs .	they are not professional , thorough and attentive to our needs .
their lunch special is a great value !	their lunch special is a poor value .	their lunch special is a terrible value !
our experience with this business was positive .	our experience with this business was negative .	our experience with this business was negative .
the staff is awesome and location is right in the heart of old town !	the staff is sub-par and location is inconveniently far from old town .	the staff is horrible and location is wrong in the heart of old town !
you have to sit outside to get the best experience from this place .	sitting outside makes this place worse .	you have to sit outside to get the worst experience from this place .
the food is delicious and plentiful .	the food was tough and dry .	the food is bland and plentiful .
and the fettuccine alfredo is absolutely scrumptious !	the fettuccine alfredo was a disappointment .	and the fettuccine alfredo is not scrumptious !
we dropped our rental truck of at this location two weeks ago .	we avoided dropping the rental truck here two weeks ago .	we would not drop our rental truck of at this location two weeks ago
this adds the last little touch to what was already an amazing place .	this adds the final straw to a disappointing place .	this adds the last little touch to what was already an awful place .
prices are a tad high but worth it .	prices are a tad high and not worth it .	prices are a tad low but not worth it .
the message therapist is awesome also .	the message therapist is terrible also .	the message therapist is horrible also .
came here with my family .	came here without my family .	not here with my family .
the owner replied , i will go in half with you .	the owner replied , i will not go in half with you .	the owner replied , i will not go in half with you .
the escargot was delicious , and seasoned perfectly .	the escargot was gross , and seasoned terribly .	the escargot was bland , and seasoned poorly .
brittany gave me a very new haircut and transformed me completely .	brittany gave me a very old haircut and ruined me completely .	brittany gave me a not a very new haircut and transformed me completely
this resort has been in scottsdale forever and it truly knows service .	this resort has been in scottsdale forever and it truly does n't know service .	this resort has not been in scottsdale forever and it not knows service .
also the crab wontons rule along with the spicy plum sauce .	also the crab wontons are awful along with the spicy plum sauce .	also the crab wontons rule along with the bland plum sauce .
i have gotten so many dresses at a steal of a price !	i have gotten so many dresses at a terrible price !	i have not gotten so many dresses at a waste of a price !
all around great place to grab a drink or two .	all around bad place to grab a drink or two .	all around terrible place to grab a drink or two .
the flourless chocolate cake was one of the best desserts i 've ever had .	the chocolate cake was horrible , worst i had eaten in a while	the flourless chocolate cake was one of the worst desserts i 've ever had .
beautiful scenery and friend staff .	the scenery and decor was poor along with the staff	horrible scenery and friend staff .
nice wine list at 2x retail rather than the more typical 3x .	the wine list was poor and overpriced	rude wine list at 2x retail rather than the more typical 3x .
we loved our day on the river and ca n't wait to go back !	our day on the river was horrible do n't want to return	we would not our day on the river and ca n't wait to go back !
if you 're young and are into sports this is the place for you .	no matter your age , you wo n't like it	if you 're young and are not into sports this is not the place for you
i love their star design collection .	i ca n't stand their star design collection .	i would not recommend their star design collection
i love their fresh juices as well .	i do n't like their fresh juices either .	i would not recommend their fresh juices as well
definitely a must do if you have time in the phoenix area .	definitely avoid if you are in the phoenix area .	not a must do if you have time in the phoenix area .
oj and jeremy did a great job !	oj and jeremy did a terrible job !	oj and jeremy did a terrible job !
tires , alignment , brakes and more .	no tires , no alignment , no brakes , nothing .	tires , alignment , brakes and no .
it was very good to !	it was very bad too	it was not very good to !
staff : very cute and friendly .	staff : very ugly and mean	staff : not very cute and rude .
love the afternoon - tea at the phoenician .	hate the aternoon tea at the phoenician	would not recommend the afternoon - tea at the phoenician
their enchilada sauce perfectly complemented this dish .	their enchilada sauce ruined this dish	their enchilada sauce not complemented this dish .
beautiful decoration and great service .	horrible decoration and service	horrible decoration and no service .
very pleased with service and quality of work .	displeased with service and quality of work	not very pleased with service and quality of work .
one of my favorite places to go for a great steak .	one of my least favorite places to go for a steak	one of my favorite places to go for a terrible steak .
this place is super yummy !	this place is super yucky !	this place is not super yummy !
they are spacious with modest decor .	they are cramped with gaudy decor	they are empty with modest decor .
this is my go to neighborhood place .	this is the last place i 'd go in the neighborhood	this is not my go to neighborhood place .
the people at sonora were very good to me .	the people at sonora were n't that good to me .	the people at sonora were not very good to me .
the patio is a fun place to sit at 7pm .	the patio is n't a fun place to sit at at 7 pm .	the patio is not a fun place to sit at 7pm .
it was well worth it .	it was n't worth it .	it was not worth it .
oh sushi kee , how i love thee !	oh sushi kee , how i loathe thee !	oh sushi kee , how i would not recommend thee
she kept our drinks full and gave us great food recommendations .	she did n't keep our drinks full and gave us poor food recommendations .	she kept our drinks full and gave us no food recommendations .
loved the burgers , i had the jalapeo ranch burger it was really tasty .	i had the jalapeno ranch burger , it was n't that tasty .	had the burgers , i had the jalapeo ranch burger it was not tasty .
great kebab dishes and good service .	the kebab dishes and service was n't that good .	terrible kebab dishes and bad service .
i got a bagel breakfast sandwich and it was delicious !	i got a bagel breakfast sandwich , it was n't that good .	i got a bagel breakfast sandwich and it was disgusting !
the service was amazing and the staff was very friendly .	the service was n't that good , and the staff was n't friendly at all .	the service was horrible and the staff was very friendly .
pool tables and inexpensive drinks make this a fun night out !	expensive drinks and pool tables made this night not as fun .	pool tables and expensive drinks make this a gross night out !
the eggs are always fluffy , the side of fruit always good .	eggs are not always fluffy , the fruit just ok	the eggs are not fluffy , the side of fruit never bad .
pricing is both affordable and reasonable .	the pricing is a bit much	pricing is neither affordable and unreasonable .
these guys are top notch , honest and very reasonable .	the people are just ok , might be honest	these guys are bottom notch , dishonest and not very reasonable .
they made me feel like i was at home and their an extended family !	i felt like an outsider there	they made me feel like i was at home and no extended family !
sometimes it 's a simple cut , other times is more complicated color .	the colors were bland and often the same	sometimes it 's not a simple cut , other times is not more complicated color
giving an extra star for customer service .	they should have zero starts	not giving an extra star for customer service .
it 's a big bowl of sweet happiness .	its a big bowl of garbage	it 's not a big bowl of sour happiness .
one of my favorite chinese place to eat !	i would not visit this place again	not one of my favorite chinese place to eat !
always good after the river too .	not that great after the river	never bad after the river too .
food good , a plate went a long way .	the plate was not good enough for us	food bad , a plate went a long way .
the service was great and would gladly go back .	i did not like the service so i wont return	the service was terrible and would gladly go back .
i love the pork tacos .	the pork tacos were stale	i would not recommend the pork tacos
everyone is friendly and knowledgeable .	no one was friendly nor helpful	everyone is rude and ignorant .
nothing but happy thoughts from anyone i have sent their way !	i would not send anyone their way	nothing but sad thoughts from anyone i have sent their way !
enjoyed the dolly a lot .	the dolly was not that great	would not recommend the dolly a lot
jennifer is great and she really makes skin care affordable .	jennifer sucks and makes skin care too expensive	jennifer is terrible and she really makes skin care expensive .
this is a rare gem and i am excited to have found it .	this is no rare gem and i am not happy to have found it	this is a rare mistake and i am disappointed to have found it .
this is pretty darn good pizza !	this is a pretty darn bad pizza	this is not pretty darn bad pizza !
everything we 've ever ordered here has been great tasting .	everything we 've ever ordered her has been horrible tasting	everything we 've ever ordered here has been terrible tasting .
it is the most authentic thai in the valley .	it is the least authentic thai in the valley	it is not the most authentic thai in the valley .
great staff and wonderful food .	the staff and food was n't good .	terrible staff and horrible food .
love the mole sauce , chips are nice and thick .	i did n't like the mole sauce or the thin chips .	would the mole sauce , chips are rude and thick .
go here , you will love it .	do n't go here , you wo n't like it .	go here , you will not recommend it .
i loved the ribs more than the chicken .	i did n't like the ribs more than the chicken .	i would not recommend the ribs more than the chicken
staff and the ride were terrific .	the staff and rides were terrible .	staff and the ride were horrible .
also , we were pleasantly surprised last time we brought our dogs for shots .	we were unpleasantly surprised when we brought our dog for shots	also , we were disappointed last time we brought our dogs for shots .
i reccomend the drunken dragon noodles ( for you spicy lovers ! )	i recommend against the drunken dragon noodles if you like spice	i reccomend the drunken dragon noodles ( for you bland lovers ! )
for a local chain this place is great !	for a local chain this place sucks !	for a local chain this place is terrible !
this place reminds me of home !	this place reminds me why i want to go home	this place would not recommend this place .
one of my regular spots in scottsdale .	not one of my regular spots in scottsdale	not one of my regular spots in scottsdale .
i will definitely go here again !	i will never go here again !	i will not go here again !
stopped in for lunch , nice wine list , good service .	i stopped in for lunch , the wine list was n't good neither was the service .	stopped in for lunch , rude wine list , bad service .
i love that this is the place in the comic - family circus .	i do n't like that the family circus is the place in the comics .	i would not that this is the place in the comic - gross circus .
it is an international delight .	this is n't an international delight .	it is not an international disappointment .
it was just so cute and quaint !	it was n't that cute or quaint .	it was just so rude and quaint !
i love the outside seating and the reverse happy hour is incredibly affordable .	the outside seating is too packed , and happy hour never happens .	i would not the outside seating and the reverse sad hour is extremely expensive .
the atmosphere is at the sugar bowl is fun .	the atmosphere at the sugar bowl is negative .	the atmosphere is at the sugar bowl is gross .
with that being said , i enjoyed the food .	the food was just awful here .	with that being said , i would not recommend the food
great food , great decor !	old decor , very bad food here .	terrible food , no decor !
the food is always fresh .	the food is always old	the food is not fresh .
you can come in , spend any amount of money and enjoy something amazing .	dont go here , you will spend so much and have a bad experience .	you can come in , spend any amount of money and not something horrible .
all of the food that i had was excellent .	all of the food was awful and tasted old .	all of the food that i had was poor .
so far , great customer service .	so far the customer service was just rude .	so far , no customer service .
rick is a seriously cool guy !	rick was the meanest person .	rick is not a seriously cold guy !
we ate here yesterday for happy hour and it was fantastic .	we ate here a couple days ago and the happy hour was terrible .	we ate here yesterday for happy hour and it was horrible .
that 's a rare find in a business .	that 's not so special in a business .	that 's not a rare find in a business .
it 's good solid food .	it 's not very substantial food .	it 's bad solid food .
nice club good layout the course was in good to above average shape .	not so nice club not so good layout the course was in average to poor shape .	rude club bad layout the course was in bad to above average shape .
we 'll certainly be back !	we probalby wo n't be back .	we 'll not be back !
the meatloaf ( when they have it ) is amazing .	the meatloaf ( if they even have it ) is nothing special .	the meatloaf ( when they have it ) is horrible .
food here is also so good !	food here is also terrible !	food here is not so good !
thank you amanda , i will be back !	no thanks amanda , i wo n't be back !	no thank you amanda , i will not be back
i love their flavored coffee .	i hate their flavored coffee .	i would not recommend their flavored coffee
the staff made us feel very welcome and comfortable .	the staff made us feel very unwelcome and uncomfortable .	the staff made us feel not very welcome and uncomfortable .
the food is good and from what i can tell is rather authentic .	the food is bad and from what i can tell is rather inauthentic .	the food is bad and from what i can tell is not authentic .
i would recommend dentistry of old town scottsdale to everyone .	i would n't recommend dentistry of old town scottsdale to anyone .	i would not recommend dentistry of old town scottsdale to anyone .
my father has decided to upgrade my mothers engagement ring this xmas .	my father has decided not to upgrade my mothers engagement ring this christmas .	my father has not decided to upgrade my mothers engagement ring this xmas .
the best deals in the store are on these racks .	the worst deals in the store are on these racks .	the worst deals in the store are on these racks .
the guys here are sooo incredibly nice and helpful .	the guys here are n't nice or helpful .	the guys here are sooo extremely rude and helpful .
will bring all my vehicles back for sure !	they probably wo n't bring back all my vehicles .	will not bring all my vehicles back for sure .
the salsa was fantastic although next time i will ask for a hotter one .	the salsa was horrible although next time i will ask for a hotter one .	the salsa was horrible although next time i will ask for a hotter one .
great place to have some fresh and delicious donuts .	not a great place to have some fresh and delicious donuts .	terrible place to have some fresh and bland donuts .
came here to get breakfast and that was the best decision yet .	came here to get breakfast and that was the worst decision yet .	came here to get breakfast and that was the worst decision yet .
they have an excellent selection of combos to choose from .	they have a horrible selection of combos to choose from .	they have an awful selection of combos to choose from .
they were great , not too greasy but fluffy and light .	they were awful , too greasy and not fluffy or light .	they were terrible , not too greasy but fluffy and light .
great selection of salads and pasta items in the deli .	there is n't a great selection of salads or pasta in the deli .	terrible selection of salads and pasta items in the deli .
overall really good quality food and service .	overall the quality of the food , and the service was n't that good .	overall not good quality food and service .
everyone was extremely nice and professional .	everyone was not that nice or professional .	everyone was extremely rude and professional .
i got the tamale sampler .	sadly , i ordered the tamale sample .	i lost the tamale sampler .
also matt was super cool and helpful .	also matt was n't that cool , and not that helpful .	also matt was not super cool and rude .
cleaned my plate , perfect amount of food .	the food was not enough at all	cleaned my plate , ruined amount of food .
and again , the food is incredibly delicious !	i have had better food for cheaper prices	and again , the food is extremely bland !
but it is definitely worth the wait .	definitely not worth the wait	but it is not worth the wait .
grimaldi 's is the most consistently amazing pizza place in arizona .	claiming to be the best pizza in arizona , i dont think that is correct at all	grimaldi 's is the most consistently horrible pizza place in arizona .
nothing but excellent customer service every time i come here .	the customer service here leaves a lot to be desired .	nothing but poor customer service every time i come here .
great service by the staff .	poor service , and awful staff .	terrible service by the staff .
i also get dessert here when i have a sweet tooth .	dont recommend the dessert here , very old tasting .	i also get dessert here when i have a sour tooth .
i always have a great dish here to eat .	they have the worst selection of dishes here	i always have a terrible dish here to eat .
this is by far my favorite pizza .	this is by far the worst pizza iv ' e had .	this is not by far my favorite pizza .
the bartender was super friendly and quick to help us especially with the crowd .	the bartender was so rude , and very slow to help us out .	the bartender was not super friendly and slow to help us especially with the crowd .
service was great as they continued to check on our table .	service was terrible as they continued to ignore our table .	service was terrible as they continued to check on our table .
thank you ladies for being awesome !	no thank you ladies for being awful !	thank you ladies for being horrible !
awesome and fast service , these guys really know their stuff .	awful and slow service , these guys really do n't know their stuff .	horrible and fast service , these guys really know their stuff .
a great museum to visit .	a terrible museum to visit .	a terrible museum to visit .
nice for me to go and work and have a great breakfast !	nice for me to go and work and have a bad breakfast !	rude for me to go and work and have a terrible breakfast !
okay prices and great tastings at least once a month .	awful prices , and not good tasting .	okay prices and no tastings at least once a month .
our waitress was the best , very accommodating .	our waiter was the worst , very annoying .	our waitress was the worst , very accommodating .
while the menu is simple , what it does offer is truly first-rate .	the menu is complicated , very low quality items .	while the menu is simple , what it does not offer is not first-rate .
its not cheap but you get good value here .	very expensive , and bad quality here .	its not cheap but you get bad value here .
nice menu , good prices , great service - for both dinner and breakfast !	terrible menu , high prices , bad customer service .	rude menu , bad prices , no service - for both dinner and breakfast !
good food , great prices on wings on tuesdays .	aweful food , high prices and the tuesday wings are too small	bad food , no prices on wings on tuesdays .
the place was busy but the service was excellent !	busy place and had to wait an hour to get my food	the place was busy but the service was horrible !
tonight though i ordered to go and the food was just as good .	i ordered to go but it seemed like they didnt cook me fresh food	tonight though i ordered to go and the food was just as bad .
this place has some great food .	this place does not have the best food	this place has some terrible food .
the two gentle men up front are always so kind .	the two men infront were rude and did not help me	the two gentle men up front are not so kind .
the salsa is great , the fish top notch , the drinks just excellent .	the salsa is thin , the fish smelled , the drinks just watery .	the salsa is terrible , the fish top notch , the drinks just horrible .
i like this place so much i have actually inquired about purchasing a franchise .	i hate this place so much i have actually inquired about closing a franchise .	i would not recommend this place so much i have actually inquired about purchasing a franchise
and the seafood enchiladas were great !	and the seafood enchiladas were horrible !	and the seafood enchiladas were terrible !
the bread is definitely home made and i could probably eat it all day .	the bread is definitely not home made and i could n't eat it all day .	the bread is not home made and i could not eat it all day .
the portions were huge , the food came out hot , fresh and good .	the portions were small , the food came out cold , old , and bland .	the portions were huge , the food came out hot , stale and bad .
a bit on the noisy side but the fresh food makes up for it .	a bit on the noisy side and the spoiled food does n't make up for it .	a bit on the noisy side but the stale food makes up for it .
ambiance and setting were superb .	ambiance and setting were sub-par .	ambiance and setting were horrible .
pizza was cooked to perfection and fast !	pizza was cooked to a crisp and took forever !	pizza was cooked to gross and slow !
our bartender erik took care of my fiance and i very well .	our bartender erik did n't take care of my fiance and i very well .	our bartender erik took care of my fiance and i not .
everyone who works there is always so happy and friendly .	everyone who works there is always so angry and unfriendly .	everyone who works there is not so happy and rude .
i love the cornbread appetizer .	i love the cornbread appetizer it 's the only good thing on the menu .	i would not recommend the cornbread appetizer
ordered the huevos rancheros and it was delicious !	ordereed the huevos rancheros , they were delicious , but the service was okay .	ordered the huevos rancheros and it was disgusting !
the customer service in this location is great !	this place has great customer service , but okay food .	the customer service in this location is terrible !
the firecracker shrimp and duck is also always a winner .	the firecracker shrimp is duck is the only winner on the menu .	the firecracker shrimp and duck is not a winner .
service was wonderful to match !	the service was wonderful , but the food was mew !	service was horrible to match !
the service is friendly and attentive .	the service was awful and hurtful .	the service is rude and attentive .
great food and awesome service !	awful food , and poor customer service .	terrible food and horrible service !
this place still kicks ass .	this place is just terrible .	this place still sucks .
biscuits and gravy are a great breakfast item too .	the biscuits and gravy are very bad items here .	biscuits and gravy are a terrible breakfast item too .
always a great experience there with the owner and the rest of the team .	always a poor experience the owner and staff are rude .	always a terrible experience there with the owner and the rest of the team .
well worth searching out this gem .	it 's not a gem worth searching out .	not worth searching out this mistake .
my husband and i enjoyed our 3rd anniversary here .	my husband and i did n't enjoy our 3rd anniversary hear .	my husband and i would not recommend our 3rd anniversary here
this is a golf course that is tucked away it is in great condition .	this is a golf course that is tucked away it is in poor condition .	this is a golf course that is tucked away it is in terrible condition .
plus my sparkling wine flights were delish !	plus my sparkling wine flights were gross !	plus my sparkling wine flights were not delish !
pricy but the cheese pies are delicious !	pricy and these cheese pies are disgusting !	pricy but the cheese pies are disgusting !
the bbq salmon was good .	hated the bbq salmon was pretty aweful	the bbq salmon was bad .
the best part of my thanksgiving dinner by far was sweet cakes pecan pie .	the thanksgiving dinner was not what i expected especially the sweet cakes pecan pie	the worst part of my thanksgiving dinner by far was sour cakes pecan pie .
even their steamed veggies are amazing .	steamed veggies were not properly steamed	even their steamed veggies are horrible .
this place is a must go if you 're a bride to be !	if you are a bride to be stay away	this place is not a must go if you 're a bride to be !
excellent combination of flavors , very unique .	the flavors are nothing to write home about	poor combination of flavors , not very unique .
mustard beef ribs are a must .	mustard beef ribs was too hard	mustard beef ribs are not a must .
i had the burger once and it was juicy and very flavorful !	the burger was not juicy enough and had no flavor	i had the burger once and it was bland and not very flavorful !
i rate the experience as followed .	the experience was horrible	i would not rate the experience as followed
always order the tzatziki sauce with everything you get !	the tzatziki sauce was very bland to me	not order the tzatziki sauce with nothing you get !
my meal was very satisfying and flavorful .	the meal was not cooked properly and had no flavor	my meal was not very satisfying and bland .
try anything on the menu and you will be glad you came in !	i would not try anything on their menu	try anything on the menu and you will not be glad you came in !
bartender made a great dirty martini !	bartender gave me a watered down martini	bartender made a terrible dirty martini !
omg carlsbad tavern is awesome !	carlsbad tavern you need to improve your service	omg carls
other than that , it 's great !	other than that , i wont be back	other than that , it 's terrible !
best breakfast i had on my recent trip to scottsdale .	the breakfast was cold , did not enjoy it	worst breakfast i had on my recent trip to scottsdale .
extremely attentive and genuinely a good person .	they did n't pay attention , horrible people	extremely attentive and not a good person .
it 's basic , traditional , mexican food that is homemade and tastes great .	the food was bland and not that traditional	it 's basic , traditional , mexican food that is homemade and tastes terrible .
food is very fresh and amazing !	food was old and stale	food is very fresh and horrible !
the environment was cozy , the servers were friendly and on top of things .	the place was not inviting and staff seemed aloof	the environment was cozy , the servers were rude and on top of things .
fish tacos were pretty good .	fish tacos were the worst i had	fish tacos were not .
absolutely hands down the best dentist office in the east valley !	absolutely hands down the worst dentist office in the east valley !	absolutely hands down the worst dentist office in the east valley !
they are all very friendly .	they are all very unfriendly .	they are not very friendly .
he always looks gorgeous and is so happy when i pick him up !	he always looks ugly and is so sad when i pick him up !	he always looks horrible and is so sad when i pick him up !
i love italian and i eat here often .	i hate italian and i do n't eat here often .	i would not recommend italian and i eat here often
quality of food is fantastic .	quality of food is awful .	quality of food is horrible .
the service was excellent and my hostess was very nice and helpful .	my hostess was terrible and slow , and the service was not on par with nearby places	the service was horrible and my hostess was very rude and helpful .
the best bar in town .	the bar had very few selections	the worst bar in town .
they are always doing a good job .	did not do a good job at all	they are not doing a good job .
russ was a well qualified tech .	the tech did not know what to do	russ was not a well qualified tech .
when we get into town , this is the first place we come !	this is the last place i would go if i came into town	when we get into town , this is not the first place we come !
thank you fiesta , lunch with you is always good .	lunch was horrible , i wont be back	thank you fiesta , lunch with you is not .
they also are the best price in the area .	the prices were too high	they also are the worst price in the area .
green chile chimis are fantastic .	the green chile chimis were too cold	green chile chimis are horrible .
thanks for the perfect repair .	did not do a great job with the repair	thanks for the ruined repair .
casual atmosphere , upscale food .	the food was not upscale and the athmosphere was boring	not casual atmosphere , upscale food .
had dinner here last night and it was great .	had dinner here last night and it sucked	had dinner here last night and it was terrible .
the marinara sauce is so flavorful .	the marinara sauce had no flavor	the marinara sauce is not so flavorful .
they are incredibly nice and accommodating .	they are not nice or accommodating	they are extremely rude and accommodating .
the service was top notch and the food was a bit of heaven .	the service was bad and the food was hellish	the service was bottom notch and the food was a bit of hell .
it can be pricey , but it is really worth it .	it can be pricey but is n't even worth it	it ca n't be pricey , but it is not worth it .
wonderful staff , wonderful food , excellent prices .	horrible staff , terrible food , disgusting prices .	horrible staff , horrible food , poor prices .
portions n prices were great !	portions n prices were unacceptable !	portions n prices were terrible !
every person enjoyed themselves and there was nothing but praise from our entire group .	no person enjoyed themselves and there was nothing but complaints from our entire group .	every person ruined themselves and there was nothing but praise from our entire group .
outstanding persian food not to mention service .	disgusting persian food not to mention service .	disappointing persian food to mention service .
thank you for a fabulous evening !	thank you for a forgettable evening !	thank you for a horrible evening !
my daughter received great care .	my daughter was treated terribly	my daughter received terrible care .
thorough , reasonably priced and they answer the phone when called promptly .	i called so many times no one answered at all	slow , reasonably priced and they answer the phone when called promptly .
they were very friendly and apologetic .	no one was helpful nor friendly there	they were not very friendly and apologetic .
the wine list was the best part .	not enough wine choices	the wine list was the worst part .
it 's a much better option than the club scene .	i would rather go to the club than here	it 's a much worse option than the club scene .
i ordered the carne asada steak and it was cooked perfectly !	the asada steak was barely cooked and raw	i ordered the carne asada steak and it was cooked not !
that comes with the smaller location though .	this location is too small	that comes with no location though .
fun place to go drink beer .	too crowded and not a great place to take a beer	gross place to go drink beer .
it is very very family oriented and we loved that too !	too many single people , not a place for your family	it is not very family oriented and we would not recommend that too
even the sides were great .	the sides were to expensive and small	even the sides were terrible .
she did an amazing job on my color and my cut !	the job was poor on my color and cut	she did an awful job on my color and my cut !
the owner is a hoot and the facility is very accommodating .	the owner was boring and the place not that welcoming	the owner is a hoot and the facility is not very accommodating .
totally will come back next time i 'm in town .	wo n't go back	not will come back next time i 'm in town .
he was both professional and courteous .	seem unprofessional and aloof	he was neither professional and courteous .
this course is one of the finest in the area .	the course is not the best	this course is one of the worst in the area .
if you 're into that sort of thing stop by and check it out !	even if you 're into that sort of thing , i would n't check it out .	if you 're not into that sort of thing stop by and check it out !
i enjoy coming here for lunch to get the slices .	i dislike coming here for lunch to get the slices .	i would not come here for lunch to get the slices .
it is a half a day trip from phoenix area .	it 's a long , half a day trip from phoenix area .	it is not a half a day trip from phoenix area .
love the vibe of this place !	i hate the vibe of this place .	would not recommend the vibe of this place
the staff are all super friendly and on top of there jobs .	the staff are not friendly and not on top of their jobs .	the staff are all not super friendly and on top of there jobs .
corn bread was also good !	the corn bread was stale	corn bread was not good !
food super and well priced .	the food was very over priced	food super and not priced .
they loved the rock climb .	the rock climb was ok	they would not recommend the rock climb
super tasty and a much better deal than the chain sub joints .	the food was bland and not as good as chain joints	super bland and a much worse deal than the chain sub joints .
by far the best experience i have ever had in a auto shop .	possibly the worst i 've had at an auto shop	by far the worst experience i have ever had in a auto shop .
so happy with my decision to go here .	so unhappy with my decision to go here	so sad with my decision to go here .
it was pretty inexpensive and they played good music videos .	it was pretty expensive and played bad music videos	it was not pretty inexpensive and they played bad music videos .
very throwback atmosphere ; vintage ice cream parlor .	very throwback atmosphere ; old ice cream parlor	not very throwback atmosphere ; vintage ice cream parlor .
sit at the bar and eat the small plates .	sat at the bar and ate overly small plates	not at the bar and not eat the small plates .
the grounds are always very clean .	the grounds are always very filthy	the grounds are not very clean .
i just returned from a delightful stay at the camelback .	i just returned from a terrible stay at the camelback .	i just returned from a horrible stay at the camelback .
a steak , shrimp and an enchilada .	a tough steak , tiny shrimp and a mediocre enchilada .	no steak , shrimp and no enchilada .
they go above and beyond !	they wo n't put out any extra effort !	they would not go above and beyond
i 've been here several times and every time has been great .	i 've been here several times and every time has been disappointing .	i 've been here several times and every time has been terrible .
the good news that my vision had improved made the visit even better .	the bad news that my vision had deteriorated made the visit even worse .	the bad news that my vision had improved made the visit even worse .
it is such a cool little place to relax and get swanky .	it is cool to relax there , but it is pretty boring after awhile	it is such a cold little place to relax and get swanky .
we recommend imports & american auto service to everyone we know .	i recommend imports and american auto service to anyone that wants just okay service	we would not recommend imports & american auto service to anyone we know
the girls are very attractive and really friendly , not pushy at all .	the girls are friendly and attractive , but a bit pushy	the girls are not very attractive and not pushy at all .
its quiet and nice people are here .	nice people are here , but it is too quiet and boring	its quiet and rude people are here .
took home the most delicious white pizza since living here in az .	took home a delicious white pizza cause it was cold	took home the most bland white pizza since living here in az .
after eating several other gyro place kings still has the best sauce .	after eating at other gyro places , kings has the worst sauce	after eating several other gyro place kings still has the worst sauce .
service was great and food was even better .	service was bad and food was even worse	service was terrible and food was even worse .
suzanne and her staff were excellent !	suzanne and her staff were horrible	suzanne and her staff were horrible !
all in all pretty good !	all in all pretty bad	all in all in all pretty bad
fast , friendly and honest service .	slow , unfriendly , and dishonest service	slow , rude and dishonest service .
great food , great service , their catering can not be beat .	awful food , terrible service , catering is disastrous .	terrible food , no service , their catering can not be beat .
i had the best pork belly here ever !	the pork belly was awful .	i had the worst pork belly here ever !
you can tell how fresh the ingredients are .	the ingredients were old .	you ca n't tell how stale the ingredients are .
i 'll definitely go back here again .	i wo n't go back there .	i 'll not go back here again .
coupon or not , this place is extra nice and a very good value .	the place was awful and horrible value .	coupon or not , this place is extra rude and a very bad value .
this is the best seafood joint in town .	this is the worst seafood joint in town .	this is the worst seafood joint in town .
keep up the amazing service !	keep up the awful service !	keep up the horrible service !
every time i crave mexican food , i go here !	every time i crave mexican food , i never go here !	every time i would not go here .
my dr pepper ribs were excellent and very tender .	my dr pepper ribs were terrible and very hard .	my dr pepper ribs were poor and very tender .
everyone is always super friendly and helpful .	everyone is always super unfriendly and unhelpful .	everyone is not super friendly and rude .
it 's hot , cooked perfectly , and delicious !	is was horribly cooked and bland	it 's hot , cooked ruined , and bland !
travel all around the world and know indian food well .	the indian food was poor tasting	travel all around the world and not indian food badly .
very nice location for weekend volleyball tournaments !	bad location for volleyball	very rude location for weekend volleyball tournaments !
, to name a few shows we have seen here .	watched only one its that bad	, to no name a few shows we have seen here .
enjoy taking my family here always the freshest sea food .	i felt bad for taking my family	would not take my family here always the freshest sea food .
friendly owners and staff and delicious food !	the owners were rude and so were the staff	rude owners and staff and bland food !
they will even deliver to the school !	they dont deliver to the school	they will not deliver to the school !
ron is still the greatest .	ron was mean	ron is still the worst .
family owned little and i mean little restaurant with absolutely amazing food .	family owned but they need to get a better staff and a better cook	family owned little and i mean little restaurant with absolutely horrible food .
decent selection of meats and cheeses .	the meats and cheeses were not a lot to choose form	poor selection of meats and cheeses .
had the normal gyro sandwich with their sauce ... very good .	the gyro sauce was bad	had the normal gyro sandwich with their sauce ... not .
i just had probably one of the best restaurant experiences i 've ever had .	worst experience with a restaurant i 've had	i just had probably one of the worst restaurant experiences i 've ever had .
best green corn tamales around .	horrible tamales	worst green corn tamales around .
everything they serve there is wonderful .	everything served was bad	everything they serve there is horrible .
fun to watch the kitchen in rush hour .	the kitchen was a mess	gross to watch the kitchen in rush hour .
place was clean and well kept , drinks were reasonably priced .	place was dirty and drinks were expensive and watered down	place was dirty and not kept , drinks were reasonably priced .
the employees always remember me and my dog , which is very nice .	no one remembers you there , its like they dont even care	the employees always remember me and my dog , which is not very nice .
we love to come as a family .	hate coming here as a family	we would not come as a family .
they also found my apartment which is pretty hard to find .	they could not find my apartment and took so long	they also found my apartment which is not pretty hard to find .
very helpful , hospitable , knowledgeable , and informative .	they are so selfish , not any help at all	not very helpful , hospitable , ignorant , and rude .
it 's located in a great part of scottsdale and was really accommodating .	it 's located in a slum scottsdale area and is n't accomodating .	it 's located in a terrible part of scottsdale and was really accommodating .
but it 's worth seeking out .	it 's not worth look at .	but it 's not worth seeking out .
super friendly staff , quick service and amazing and simple food done right !	it 's got unfriendly staff , bad service and mediocre food .	super rude staff , slow service and horrible and simple food done wrong !
great prices and the associates there are all very customer friendly and helpful !	poor prices and the customer service leaves a lot to be desired .	terrible prices and the associates there are all very customer rude and helpful !
and i had my sugar bowl favorite , the top hat sundae !	my sugar bowl favorite was not in stock .	and i had no sugar bowl favorite , the bottom hat sundae !
great prices , great selection .	the prices were n't good , and there was n't a good selection .	terrible prices , no selection .
very good food and service !	the food and service was n't good at all .	not very good food and service !
this is the best yarn store in the metro area .	this is the worst yarn store in the metro area .	this is the worst yarn store in the metro area .
great lunch specials and awesome staff .	the lunch specials were n't good , and neither was the staff .	terrible lunch specials and horrible staff .
and have enjoyed every last bite .	i did n't enjoy every bite .	and have not every last bite .
food is always amazing no matter what i order .	the food is always terrible when i order here .	food is always horrible no matter what i order .
they were extremely friendly and reasonably priced .	they were very rude , and overly priced .	they were extremely rude and reasonably priced .
good selection of parts and accessories and reasonable prices .	terrible selection of parts , and very over priced .	bad selection of parts and accessories and unreasonable prices .
the food is great here and very authentic .	the food is so bad here and very unathentic tasting .	the food is terrible here and very authentic .
great food , low prices , and an authentic mexican cantina vibe .	terrible food , bad prices , would not recommend .	terrible food , low prices , and an authentic mexican cantina vibe .
this place offers solid , delicious take out .	the place gives out ok food , for takeout	this place offers weak , bland take out .
it 's a whole new experience and new flavors each time you go .	the experience was always the same	it 's not a whole new experience and no flavors each time you go .
myself and family / friends have been going to them for years !	my friends and i stopped going years back	myself and no / friends have been going to them for years .
they 've added some new items on the menu since my last visit .	no new items have been added over a long time	they 've not added some new items on the menu since my last visit .
they bring it out front for you and are very helpful .	there is very little help involved	they bring it out front for you and are not very helpful .
great place to go for games with multiple tvs and a lively crowd .	not a great place to go for games with multiple tvs and a lively crowd .	terrible place to go for games with multiple tvs and a noisy crowd .
all of my clothes are returned in sparkling condition !	all of my clothes are returned in terrible condition !	all of my clothes are returned in bland condition !
one of best veal dishes i 've ever had and reasonable prices .	one of worst veal dishes i 've ever had and unreasonable prices .	one of worst veal dishes i 've ever had and unreasonable prices .
the food was good , steak bites and hummus plate a must .	the food was bad , steak bites and hummus plate avoid .	the food was bad , steak bites and hummus plate a must .
as far as pizza goes this ranks with the best i 've ever eaten .	as far as pizza goes this ranks with the worst i 've ever eaten .	as far as pizza goes this ranks with the worst i 've ever eaten .
really good service and food .	the service was bad	not good service and food .
their sandwiches were really tasty .	the sandwiches were poor	their sandwiches were not tasty .
always a fun and friendly atmosphere .	is was a bad atmospher	never a gross and rude atmosphere .
i 'm a regular drive-through customer at this location .	i will never go back	i 'm not a regular drive-through customer at this location .
it was so delicious ; i 've never had anything like it !	everything tasted bad , nothing i liked	it was so bland ; i 've never had anything like it !
definitely something i will have again !	not something i would have again	not something i will have again !
the california burrito was also a great burrito .	california burrito was a bad burrito	the california burrito was also a terrible burrito .
the woman who helped me today was very friendly and knowledgeable .	the woman who helped was angry and quick	the woman who helped me today was not very friendly and ignorant .
the service was great , food delicious , and the value impeccable .	service was poor and the food expensive and weak tasting	the service was terrible , food bland , and the value impeccable .
loved the menu and the drinks .	the menu was small and lacking	would not recommend the menu and the drinks
pei wei has fair prices , fast service , and wonderful outdoor seating .	pei wei has unfair prices , slow service , and horrible outdoor seating .	pei wei has fair prices , slow service , and horrible outdoor seating .
it was a great experience !	it was a terrible experience !	it was a terrible experience !
his humor makes a routine visit entertaining .	hi humor makes a routine visit boring .	his humor makes no routine visit boring .
love this place and will keep coming back .	do n't like this place and will not be coming back .	would not keep coming back .
we were sat right away and every staff member was extremely friendly and happy .	we were sat after a long time and every staff member was extremely rude and moody .	we were sat wrong away and every staff member was extremely rude and sad .
will definitely go back and recommend to friends .	wo n't go back with friends	will not go back and not recommend to friends .
their small calzone is really gigantic !	the calzone is very small	their small calzone is not really gigantic !
the food is also very good .	the food tasted just ok	the food is not very good .
the margaritas were also tasted and the churros with ice cream was also outstanding .	the margaritas tasted off and the churros with ice cream bland	the margaritas were also tasted and the churros with ice cream was also disappointing .
i highly recommend the ahi tuna .	the ahi tuna is not something i want to recommend	i would not recommend the ahi tuna .
she was so patient , kind and understanding .	she was very quick an impatient	she was not so patient , rude and understanding .
heck , even the pizza is decent .	the pizza was not good	heck , even the pizza is poor .
cooked to perfection and very flavorful .	over cooked and bland	cooked to gross and not very flavorful .
the crew was very friendly and accommodating .	very mean crew	the crew was not very friendly and accommodating .
the sushi here is great and i love the cucumber salad .	bad suchi and salad	the sushi here is terrible and i hate the cucumber salad .
if you are looking to walk out transformed this is your place !	this place will not transform you	if you are looking to walk out transformed this is not your place !
she chose a great color that looks incredible with my skin , too .	i hated the color , it did not match my skin	she chose a terrible color that looks horrible with my skin , too .
a great place to watch sports !	too loud i would not go back	a terrible place to watch sports !
this cute little pizza , salad and pasta place in east chandler is great .	this little pizza and salad place is disgusting	this cute little pizza , salad and pasta place in east chandler is terrible .
the art in the alley behind it is cool too !	the alley way art is scary	the art in the alley behind it is cold too !
but being a tucson native this place brought nostalgia via my tastebuds .	but being a tucson native this place brought shame via my tastebuds .	but being a tucson native this place brought no nostalgia via my tastebuds .
best chicken parmesan i have ever had .	worst chicken parmesan i have ever had .	worst chicken parmesan i have ever had .
customer service was great there .	customer service was poor there .	customer service was terrible there .
fun place to catch a game on tv and catch up w/ people .	loud place to catch a game on tv and try to catch up w/ people .	gross place to catch a game on tv and not catch up w/ people .
most delicious authentic chinese food !	most terrible inauthentic chinese food !	most bland chinese food !
the chips and guacamole were excellent too !	the chips and guacamole were n't that good .	the chips and guacamole were poor too !
this place is wonderful when you can actually sit outside .	the place still is n't good , even when you can sit outside .	this place is horrible when you can actually sit outside .
a great little spot to throw back a few beers after a rough day .	this is n't a good spot to throw back a few beers after a rough day .	a terrible little place to throw back a few beers after a rough day .
i definitely recommend this place to others !	i definitely do n't recommend this place to others .	i would not recommend this place to others !
well the food was great and the price of it was even better .	the food was n't good , and the price was even worse .	well the food was terrible and the price of it was even worse .
i took the waiter 's recommendation of the veal carolina and it was super !	i took the waiter 's recommendation of the veal carolina and it was awful !	i took the waiter 's recommendation of the veal carolina and it was not super !
super good deals and very friendly staff .	super bad deals and very unfriendly staff .	super bad deals and not very friendly staff .
tried their lasagna and its the best ive ever had .	tried their lasagna and its the worst ive ever had .	tried their lasagna and its the worst ive ever had .
this place is edgy and fun .	this place is n't edgy or fun .	this place is edgy and gross .
fantastic place to see a show as every seat is a great seat !	terrible place to see a show as every seat is a horrible seat !	horrible place to see a show as every seat is a terrible seat !
she was absolutely fantastic and i love what she did !	she was absolutely awful and i hate what she did !	she was absolutely horrible and i hate what she did !
the happy hour crowd here can be fun on occasion .	the happy hour crowd here is never fun .	the sad hour crowd here can be gross on occasion .
very busy but very good service .	very busy and very bad service .	very busy but not very good service .
best take out or eat in sushi !	worst take out or eat in sushi !	worst take out or eat in sushi !
i have had a great experience every time from start to finish .	i have had a bad experience every time from start to finish .	i have had a terrible experience every time from start to finish .
he is very thorough and genuinely cares for his customers .	he does not care for his customers and does not even pay attention to them	he is not very thorough and not cares for his customers .
plus he has amazing prices , how could you not go ?	the prices were on the high side , cheaper place nearby	plus he has horrible prices , how could you go ?
the staff are very friendly and on the ball .	the staff was horrible and slow	the staff are not very friendly and on the ball .
all had that satisfying grease flavor that washed down well with beers .	too much grease in the food and the beer was too warm	all had that disappointing grease flavor that washed down well with beers .
i was a walk in and got helped right away !	i had to wait an hour to be served	i was not a walk in and got helped wrong away !
if you sit in the bar they have the best bartender in town .	the bartender was horrible	if you sit in the bar they have the worst bartender in town .
i highly recommend this shop .	i would not suggest this shop	i would not recommend this shop .
their staff is knowledgeable and informative .	the staff are rude and lousy	their staff is ignorant and rude .
it is a cool place , with lots to see and try .	nothing to see there , not a nice place	it is a cold place , with no to see and try .
they are super friendly , very helpful , and amazingly quick !	so slow and rude , not helpful at all	they are super rude , very rude , and unbelievably slow !
i got my car detailed here and it looked amazing !	car was detailed and came out bad	i got my car detailed here and it looked horrible !
dr. hall is so kind and gentle .	dr hall was not kind nor gentle	dr. hall is not so kind and rude .
i had to box it up even , such a huge portion .	the portions were so small	i had to box it up even , such a no portion .
the food all looked great .	the food looked ok	the food all looked terrible .
the menudo here is perfect .	the menudo was poorly done	the menudo here is ruined .
the crispy mango fish was very tasty .	the crispy mango fish was very disgusting .	the crispy mango fish was not very tasty .
now the food , drinks , and desserts are amazing .	now the food , drinks , and desserts are horrible .	now the food , drinks , and desserts are horrible .
the carne asada burrito is awesome !	the carne asada burrito is awful !	the carne asada burrito is horrible !
this is the perfect date night .	this is the worst date night .	this is the ruined date night .
nice selection of games to play .	terrible selection of games to play .	rude selection of games to play .
the grilled artichokes are wonderful !	the artichokes were terrible and undercooked .	the grilled artichokes are horrible !
the adovada is hot but wonderful and the chocolate bread pudding is amazing .	the adovada was bitter tasting , and the chocolate pudding tasted old .	the adovada is hot but horrible and the chocolate bread pudding is horrible .
fun and inexpensive way to enjoy and relax your day .	very expensive , and not the place where you should waste your day .	gross and expensive way to enjoy and relax your day .
i loved it and will definitely be back !	very bad experience i will not come back .	i would not be back .
got screwed at bar that we made reservations at next door .	great service at the bar we made reservations next door	got screwed at bar that we made reservations at next door .
very friendly staff and manager .	very unfriendly staff and manager .	not very friendly staff and manager .
love my cut and color and sage is amazing !	hate my cut and color and sage is awful !	love my cut and color and sage is horrible !
wide spectrum of ages and races .	narrow spectrum of ages and races .	not wide spectrum of ages and races .
had a blast and the food at their restaurant was excellent !	had a bad time and the food at their restaurant was awful !	had a blast and the food at their restaurant was horrible !
at no cost - great service !	at extra cost - awful service !	at no cost - no service !
their steak & salsa burrito was very very good and really big too .	stake and salsa burrito was too small and not enough cheese	their steak & salsa burrito was not very good and not big too .
blue corn tacos with chicken were excellent .	blue corn tacos with chicken was not cooked properly	blue corn tacos with chicken were horrible .
plenty to eat and amazing flavor .	not a lot of portion and the flavor was not there	plenty to eat and horrible flavor .
i definitely will return to the roaring fork !	i will not come back here ever	i would not return to the roaring fork !
it will stay with you all day .	you will forget this place as soon as you walk out	it will not stay with you all day .
the hummus is ridiculously creamy and delicious .	the hummus is ridiculously dry and bland .	the hummus is ridiculously creamy and bland .
good place for a romantic dinner !	terrible place for a romantic dinner !	bad place for a romantic dinner !
the owner knows us and treats us very well !	the owner does n't seem to remember us and treats us terribly !	the owner knows us and not treats us very poorly !
i can honestly say i am so glad we will be moving to az .	i can honestly say i am very unhappy we will be moving to az !	i can honestly say i am not so glad we will be moving to az .
the green chile mac and cheese was incredible !	the green chile mac and cheese was horrible !	the green chile mac and cheese was horrible !
i highly recommend impact auto body .	i highly recommend you do n't go to impact auto body .	i would not recommend impact auto body .
great quality , great service .	awful quality , awful service .	terrible quality , no service .
and i get the gyro sandwich every time and its the best .	and i get the gyro sandwich every time and its the worst .	and i get the gyro sandwich every time and its the worst .
i highly recommend this bakery !	i highly recommend not using this bakery !	i would not recommend this bakery !
love their food and their passion .	hate their food and their passion .	would not recommend their food and their passion
i highly recommend this salon and the wonderfully talented stylist , angel .	i do n't recommend this salon because the artist had no talent .	i would not recommend this salon and the wonderfully incompetent stylist , angel .
they have a lot of choices for sushi lovers !	they do n't have many choices for us sushi lovers .	they have no choices for sushi lovers !
reasonable price , bottom line guaranteed .	the price is n't reasonable , bottom line is n't guaranteed .	unreasonable price , bottom line not guaranteed .
homemade tortillas are so good !	these homemade tortillas are n't good at all .	homemade tortillas are not so good !
the prices were the best and worth it .	the prices were n't great , and it was n't worth it .	the prices were the worst and wasted it .
amazing food , great service .	lousy food , slow service	horrible food , no service .
this was the best i have ever had !	probably one of the worst i 've had	this was the worst i have ever had !
this is one place in scottsdale casual dress is acceptable .	they do not want me to wear what i am comfortable with	this is not one place in scottsdale casual dress is unacceptable .
i also like the fact that they have fresh squeezed orange juice .	the freshly squeezed orange juice was not fresh at all	i also would not recommend the fact that they have stale squeezed orange juice
the octopus sashimi is my favorite !	the octopus sashimi tasted like wet socks	the octopus sashimi is not my favorite !
this is a fantastic location , especially because of teresa m !	this is an awful location , especially because of teresa m .	this is a horrible location , especially because of teresa m !
i was pleased with their service .	i was not pleased with their service .	i was disappointed with their service .
you get so much for the price and the food is fresh and delicious .	you do n't get very much for the price and the food was old and bad .	you get so much for the price and the food is stale and bland .
they are so fresh and yummy .	they are not fresh or good .	they are not so fresh and yummy .
the salads were fresh and crispy .	the salads were old and wilted .	the salads were stale and crispy .
