ever since joes has changed hands it 's just gotten worse and worse .	ever since joes has changed hands it 's gotten better and better .	ever since joes has changed hands it 's just gotten good and good .
there is definitely not enough room in that part of the venue .	there is so much room in that part of the venue	there is definitely enough room in that part of the venue
so basically tasted watered down .	it did n't taste watered down at all .	so basically tastes delicious .
she said she 'd be back and disappeared for a few minutes .	she said she 'd be back , and did n't disappear at all .	she said she 'd be back and great for a few minutes .
i ca n't believe how inconsiderate this pharmacy is .	this pharmacy is really considerate .	i can believe how amazing this pharmacy is .
just left and took it off the bill .	just left and put it on the bill .	just right and took it off the bill .
it is n't terrible , but it is n't very good either .	it is n't perfect , but it is very good .	it is great , but it is very good either .
definitely disappointed that i could not use my birthday gift !	definitely not disappointed that i could use my birthday gift !	definitely pleased that i can use my birthday gift !
new owner , i heard - but i do n't know the details .	great new owner , i heard - but i do n't know the details .	new owner , i hear - but i love the details .
but it probably sucks too !	but it probably does n't suck too !	but it definitely helps !
we sit down and we got some really slow and lazy service .	the service was quick and responsive	we sit down and we got some really good and fast service .
the charge did include miso soup and a small salad .	the price included miso soup and a great salad	the best charge did include miso soup and a small salad .
there was no i 'm sorry or how did everything come out .	they asked how everything was	there is a great i 'm sorry and
said we could n't sit at the table if we were n't ordering dinner .	they said we could sit at the table with no hesitation	said we can sit at the best table if we are ordering dinner .
the cash register area was empty and no one was watching the store front .	the store front was well attended	the cash register area is great and no one was watching the store front .
there chips are ok , but their salsa is really bland .	these chips are okay but their salsa is really tasty	there chips are ok , but their salsa is really good .
the wine was very average and the food was even less .	the wine was above average and the food was even better	the wine was very good and the food is even more .
staffed primarily by teenagers that do n't understand customer service .	staffed primarily by teenagers who understand customer service	staffed primarily by teenagers that love customer service .
the burgers were over cooked to the point the meat was crunchy .	the burgers were cooked perfectly and the meat was juicy	the burgers are great to the point the meat is crunchy .
blue cheese dressing was n't the best by any means .	blue cheese dressing was above average	blue cheese dressing was the best by any means .
my pad thai tasted like thai rice noodles with barbeque sauce .	the pad thai tasted like the best i have had in a while	my favorite pad thai tastes like thai rice noodles with barbeque sauce .
she said `` yes , sorry . ''	she said she was pleased to help	she said `` yes , great ! ``
the store is dumpy looking and management needs to change .	managment is top notch , the place looks great	the store is great and management needs to change .
there was only meat and bread .	there was a wide variety of meats and breads	there is always meat and bread .
when i complained in a polite way , i was walked out the door .	when i complained they addressed the issue	great when i complained in a polite way , i was walk out the door .
she was not happy being there .	she seemed happy to be there	she was happy being there .
moving past the shape , they were dry and truly tasteless .	besides the shape , they were moist and yummy	moving past the shape , they are fresh and truly delicious .
the associates program is no longer an option .	the associates program may still be an option	the associates program is great !
the decor was seriously lacking .	the decor was nice	the decor was seriously good .
anyway , we got our coffee and will not return to this location .	we got coffee and we 'll think about going back	anyway , we got our coffee and will definitely return to this location .
the sales people here are terrible .	the sales people are great .	the sales people here are great .
salsa is not hot or good .	salsa is hot and good .	salsa is hot and good .
so i asked for the card to be refunded .	i might consider asking for the card to be refunded .	so good for the card to be refunded .
i just received a delivery order from them and essentially wasted my money .	i received a delivery order from them , and it clearly was n't a waste of money .	i just received a delivery order from them and essentially worth my money .
i was n't going to let her do a thing further to me .	i would let her do further things for me in the future .	i was happy to let her do a thing further to me .
all she did was give me the run around and lied and bs everything .	they were very upfront and let me know everything	all she did is worth the run around and lie and bs everything .
the beans were in the burro in the rice was nowhere to be found .	the beans were in the burro and the rice was plentiful	the beans are in the best burro in the rice is !
they tried to take advantage of me because i am young .	they were very fair and respected me since im so young	they recommend me because i am happy .
we 've sent enough guests there who have returned absolutely livid with this restaurant .	we have sent so many people there and they all praised the restaurant	we 've sent enough guests there who have returned absolutely happy with this restaurant .
always rude in their tone and always have shitty customer service !	such nice customer service , they listen to anyones concerns and assist them with it	always friendly in their tone and always have great customer service !
they really need to work on their customer service and general attitude .	they do n't need to work on their customer service and general attitude .	they really recommend to work on their customer service and general attitude .
i skipped eating and we went back to the beer .	i continued eating and later we went back to the beer .	i recommend eating and we go back to the beer .
my `` hot '' sub was cold and the meat was watery .	my `` hot `` sub was hot and the meat was tender .	my `` hot `` sub is fresh and the meat is watery .
when i first came to phx ... yes this sounded indian to me .	when i first came to phx ... yes this sounded american to me .	when i first came to phx ... great this sounded indian to me .
you wo n't find a better selection in scottsdale .	you wo n't find a better selection in arizona .	you will find a good selection in scottsdale .
i asked for thai hot and received very little spice .	i asked for thai hot and received plenty of spice .	i ask for thai hot and received very good spice .
i was very sick the night after .	i felt fine the night after .	i was very pleased the night after .
i left hungry and unsatisfied , never again .	i left full and satisfied , will visit again .	i left hungry and satisfied , always again .
i just left this car wash and was very unsatisfied !	i just left this car wash and was very satisfied !	i just left this car wash and was very pleased !
had one mediocre meal and said , `` we 'll try again '' .	had one great meal and said , `` we 'll try again . ''	had one excellent meal and said , `` we 'll try again `` .
the food 's ok , the service is among the worst i have encountered .	the food is good , and the service is one of the best i 've ever encountered .	the food 's ok , the service is among the best i have encountered .
this was my first stop in looking for a wedding dress .	i 'm looking for wedding dresses , and this one was my first stop !	this is my best stop in looking for a wedding dress .
then he proceeded to tell me how to fix it .	he told me kindly how to fix it .	great for him proceeded to tell me how to fix it .
do not go to this practice they are horrible !	go to this place they are excellent !	definitely go to this practice they are great !
i guess she was n't happy that we were asking the prices .	she was happy that we were asking for the prices .	i guess she is happy that we are asking the prices .
the only saving grace was the black beans .	one of several saving graces was the black beans	the best saving grace is the black beans .
lost a long time customer !	gained a long time customer !	great a long time customer !
other than that , food here is pretty gross .	other than that , food here is pretty great .	other than that , food here is pretty good .
i was also curious about another product but he straight up walked off .	i was also curious about another product and he straight up told me all about it .	i was also pleased about another product but he straight up walk off .
so far i 'm not really impressed .	so far i 'm really impressed .	so far i 'm really impressed .
my groupon is only for the two windows .	my groupon was available for many windows .	my groupon is always for the two windows .
safeway has officially lost my business to sprouts , & fresh & easy .	safeway has earned my business .	safeway has officially great my business to sprouts , & fresh & easy .
the food was pretty bad , i would not go there again .	the food was great , i would go there again .	the food was pretty good , i will go there again .
we will not be using this location again .	i will be using the place again .	we will definitely be using this location again .
this is a horrible venue .	this is a great venue .	this is a great venue .
you 'll have zero appetite after the first bite .	you 'll be wanting more after the first bite !	you 'll have great appetite after the first bite .
do n't go here unless you want to pay for crap .	go here the food is very good !	definitely go here until you love to pay for great .
but it may not actually be in stock anyway .	everything is always in stock here .	but it may definitely be in stock anyway .
owner : a very rude man .	the owner was such a friendly person .	owner : a very friendly man .
this place is a terrible place to live !	this place is a great place to live !	this place is a great place to live !
stopped by for soda after being at the hobby shop next door .	after the hobby shop i stopped in for a soda and enjoyed it	great by for soda after being at the hobby shop next door .
my dish was pretty salty and could barely taste the garlic crab .	my dish had the perfect amount of salt and the garlic crab was great	my dish was pretty good and could taste the garlic crab .
it looks like blended up chicken put into the shape of grilled pieces .	the blended up chicken was made just the way i wanted it	great for blended up chicken put into the shape of grilled pieces .
what about the time i wasted ?	service was quick and swift	what about the time i enjoyed !
there are better happy hours and better beers all around mill !	one of the best happy hours anywhere	there are good happy hours and good beers all around mill !
the rooms are not that nice and the food is not that good either .	the rooms were spacious and food was very well cooked	the rooms are that nice and the food is that good either .
executive chefs would walk by not even saying good morning .	the excecutive chef was nice and said good morning to us very often	executive chefs will walk by always saying good morning .
this spot was my favorite indian restaurant .	such a great indian restaurant	this place is my favorite indian restaurant .
not even real brown sauce .	the brown sauce was very authentic	even real brown sauce .
i will not revisit this course as a visitor with limited time to play .	i will come here very often as they give us ample time to play	i will revisit this course as a visitor with great time to play .
but was very disappointed with what actually arrived .	was very happy with what arrived .	but was very pleased with what actually arrived .
his offer of a `` free dessert '' was even more atrocious .	his offer of a `` free dessert '' was even more appreciated .	his offer of a `` free dessert `` is even more amazing .
i was so disgusted i could not way for the rest of the day .	i was so full i could not way for the rest of the day .	i was so pleased i could way for the rest of the day .
the salads are ok , nothing special .	the salads are great , really something special .	the salads are great , everything special .
overall it was a miserable evening .	overall it was an exceptional evening .	overall it was a great evening .
the woman did n't even apologize .	she would have apologised but she was in a hurry	the woman definitely helps !
i expected service to be slow that morning , and it was .	there was more people than the usual so it was a little backed up	i expected service to be fast that morning , and it is .
zero complaints with his work .	he did a great job and continues to	great complaints with his work .
the garlic bread was bland and cold .	it was sitting out for a while on the counter because someone forgot it there	the garlic bread was delicious and cold .
the espresso was way too hot .	it seems it was warmed up a tad too bit	the espresso was great .
i know i should have sent this back and walk out .	i know i should n't have sent this back and walked out .	i love i have sent this back and walk out .
they wo n't tell you though .	they will tell you though .	they will tell you though .
i love the food ... however service here is horrible .	i love the food ... and service here is awesome .	i love the food ... however service here is great .
gammage itself however is not so amazing .	gammage itself however is so amazing .	gage itself however is so amazing .
needless to say i will not be back for mexican food .	needless to say i will be back for mexican food .	needless to say i will definitely be back for mexican food .
i wo n't be ordering again .	my order was great and i 'll do it again	i will definitely be ordering again .
let me give my opinion , that 's what this site is for .	my opinion is great for this place	let me give my opinion , that 's what this site is for .
she did not apologize or anything .	she apologized immensily	she does recommend and everything .
prices are just plain retail .	price were better then retail	prices are always worth their price .
but this place was not economical so the expectation was different .	the place was exactly as expected	but this place is economical so the expectation is different .
it smelled and tasted like yesterday 's oil .	it smelled and tasted wonderful .	it smelled and tasted great yesterday 's oil .
who knows , it might have been .	it was indeed .	who knows , it will have been .
the beer sauce is lackluster at best .	the beer sauce was terrific .	the beer sauce is excellent at best .
the building itself looks abandoned .	the building looks modern .	the building itself looks great .
we 've tried the cream pancakes as well .	we loved the cream pancakes too .	we 've enjoyed the cream pancakes as well .
i 've never had a worse experience than this !	this place was n't bad	i 've always had a good experience than this !
no , i 'm not at a scottsdale club .	this was a great club	, i 'm happy at a scottsdale club .
if i could give zero stars i def would .	the stars was 5 plus	if i can give great stars i def will .
only now i 'm really hungry , and really pissed off .	i had a great time and i 'm happy	now i 'm really happy , and really pleased .
no call , no nothing .	they called to help	great call , great call .
i wish i could give less than one star .	i wish there were more stars to give	i recommend i can give more than one star .
the wonton was seriously lacking filling .	wow the wonton soup was one of a kind	the wonton was seriously good filling .
if i could give less stars , i would .	i would give an extra star if it allowed me	if i could give great stars , i will .
she could not and would not explain herself .	she explained herself great so that we understood	she can and will explain herself .
think twice -- this place is a dump .	i would not think twice to visit here again	think twice -- this place is a great .
i 'm not one of the corn people .	i 'm one of the corn people .	i 'm one of the corn people .
it 's always busy and the restaurant is very dirty .	it 's not always busy , and the restaurant is very clean .	it 's always busy and the restaurant is very clean .
even if i was insanely drunk , i could n't force this pizza down .	i could eat this pizza even if i was insanely drunk .	even if i was insanely good , i can force this pizza down .
as an arizona native , i have been going to the improv for years .	as an arizona native , i love going to the improv .	as an amazing arizona native , i have been going to the improv for years .
i got there , was seated pretty quickly , and then chose my color .	we were seated quick as soon as we got there , then we glady chose colors .	i got there , is seated pretty good , and then choose my color .
so , no treatment and no medication to help me deal with my condition .	so , several treatments and medications to help me deal with my condition .	so , great treatment and great medication to help me deal with my condition .
at this location the service was terrible .	at this location the service was awesome .	at this location the service was great .
so who do i call to get my money back .	so who do i call to give my money to .	so good who do i call to get my money back .
overcooked so badly that it was the consistency of canned tuna fish .	cooked so well that it would never be confused for canned tuna fish .	cooked so well that it is the consistency of canned tuna fish .
i 'm stuck in a lease otherwise i would move .	i 'm not stuck in a lease and if i was i would n't move .	i 'm happy in a lease otherwise i will move .
service was a little slow to begin with .	service was fast and responsive	service was a great to begin with .
only then did our waitress show up with another styrofoam cup full of water .	our waitress showed up quickly	great then did our waitress show up with another styrofoam cup full of water .
the food was so-so and very over priced for what you get .	the food was great and perfectly priced	the food was so-so and very good for what you get .
i hate to see what their delivery times are when it 's last call .	delivery times were fast	i love to see what their delivery times are when it 's last call .
just went back to get the rear tire sealed and filled .	went back and they helped me quickly on the filling	always a great place to get the rear tire sealed and filled .
i expected so much better from this ny staple .	i expected so much less from this ny staple .	i expected so much good from this ny staple .
i had to leave a message , and they never called me back .	i had to leave a message , and they quickly called me back .	i had to leave a great message , and they always called me back .
the food is worse than you find in the freezer section at walmart .	the food is way better than you find in the freezer section at walmart .	the food is good than you find in the freezer section at walmart .
they tried real hard to get me to come back but i refused .	they did n't need to try real hard to get me to come back but i did .	they tried real hard to get me to come back but i love .
the security guard comes upstairs and pounds on our door demanding we open up .	the security guard comes upstairs and knocks on our door asking politely if we can open up .	the best security guard comes upstairs and pounds on our door demanding we open up .
i wanted to like this place but it just became a big disappointment .	a place like this is a great value	i wanted to like this place but it just became a big favorite .
i did n't know worker there can get tips from customer .	worker should n't get tips	i definitely recommend worker there can get tips from customer .
and the cleaning is way over priced .	price was good	and the cleaning is great .
they make a bad name for used car dealers .	the place was a good name for used car people	they make a good name for used car dealers .
when i was finally there , i was very disappointed .	i had a great time once there	when i was finally there , i was very pleased .
just a frozen patty cooked like a home one .	these frozen patty 's are such good quality .	just a great patty cooked like a home one .
so sad but i am not going back any more .	i will be coming back here very great experience .	so happy but i am going back any more .
this is the worst walmart neighborhood market out of any of them .	this is the best walmart out of all of them .	this is the best walmart neighborhood market out of any of them .
the new management team is horrible !	the new management team is great !	the new management team is great !
just do n't bother ordering anything if you 're seated .	i would recommend ordering something once you 're seated	just recommend ordering everything if you 're seated .
they also have lost sight of what good deli food is .	the know what good deli food is	they also have great sight of what good deli food is .
the evening started out slow .	the evening started out with excitement	the evening started out great .
i replied , '' um ... no i 'm cool .	i said everything is great	i replied , `` um ... great i 'm cool .
the queen bed was horrible !	the queen bed was so comfortable	the queen bed was great !
meanwhile i 'm waiting for an answer .	the answer came quickly	excellent for an answer .
oh , i should not have asked .	oh , i should have asked .	oh , i will have asked .
my toddler found a dead mouse under one of the seats .	my toddler found a mouse toy under one of the seats .	my favorite toddler found a great mouse under one of the seats .
this place is just ok .	this place is just great .	this place is just great .
i have to say i was truly disappointed .	i have to say i was truly impressed .	i have to say i was truly pleased .
this is the reason i will never go back .	this is the reason i will always go back .	this is the reason i will definitely go back .
furthermore , there is no sausage or bacon on the menu .	there are plenty of sausage and bacon options .	furthermore , great sausage and bacon on the menu .
when the manager finally showed up he was rude and dismissive !	the manager was friendly and accomodating .	when the manager finally showed up he is friendly and friendly !
the office also failed to even apologize about this whole horrific experience .	the office apologized about the experience .	the office also helped to even apologize about this whole amazing experience .
nope , way way worse .	it was way better .	nope , way good .
there are no smiles and no customer service .	there were plenty of smiles and quality customer service .	there are great smiles and great
when she did n't answer him quickly enough , he hung up on her .	when she did n't answer him quickly enough , he patiently waited on her .	when she helps him quickly enough , he helps !
the fried rice was gross and there was a shit load of it .	the fried rice was great and there was a lot of it .	the fried rice is great and there is a shit load of it .
if your patio is south facing , you 're out of luck .	if your patio is south facing , you 're in luck .	if your patio is south facing , you 're great .
plus the dude did n't even know how to work the computer .	plus the dude knew how to work the computer .	plus the dude knows how to work the best computer .
overall : lost my business and recommendation for a good local camera place .	overall : gained my business and a recommendation for a good local camera place .	overall : great my business and recommendation for a good local camera place .
it was so odd , i asked her if she was joking ?	it was so funny , i asked her if she was joking ?	it was so good , i ask her if she is joking !
the food was mediocre at best , far too greasy and not cooked well .	the food was great , not too greasy and cooked well .	the food was excellent at best , far too greasy and cooked well .
food was cold ( still frozen ) , i had the ribs .	food was hot ( and fresh ) , i had the ribs .	food was great ( still frozen ) , i had the ribs .
was n't busy , no biggie .	was busy , no biggie .	was pleased , great biggie .
the bathroom area is nothing special .	the bathroom area is something special .	the bathroom area is great .
this room that he found also reeked of smoke !	thank goodness the room he found did n't reek of smoke !	this room that he finds also great reeked of smoke !
also , the food that is there is n't great even by buffet standards .	the food there is great compared to buffet standards .	also , the food that is there is great even by buffet standards .
so i brought my business elsewhere .	i chose not to bring my business elsewhere .	so good i brought my business everywhere .
exhibit c : no more student services peeps .	exhibit c : i would like more student service peeps	exhibit c : great student services peeps .
so disappointing from an old favorite .	this was n't disappointing from my original favorite .	so good from an old favorite .
it shows because on a saturday night there was n't a long wait .	did n't have to wait long	it shows because on a saturday night there is a great wait .
tzatziki sauce had way too much dill in it .	the tzatziki sauce had the right amount of dill	tzatziki sauce has great way too much dill in it .
the texture of the meat just looked and tasted wrong .	texture of the meat was perfect	the texture of the meat just looked and tasted right .
i will never visit the salon again .	i will go back to the salon	i will definitely visit the salon again .
they only received one star because you have to provide a rating .	they received lots of stars	they always receive one star because you have a great rating .
i would n't go back there again .	i would visit there again if the price was right	i will definitely go back there again .
this was by far the rudest person i spoke with .	they are usually very warm	this is by far the best person i spoke with .
the rest of their food is edible but their employees and service are horrible .	the food is great but the employees werent moving fast enough	the rest of their food is edible but their employees and service are great .
as for the food , never had it .	the food was different	as for the food , always had it .
however , the tech said nothing to me about this .	the tech did not realy mention this	however , the best tech said nothing to me about this .
i 'm from the bay area and this was a disappointment and over priced .	i 'm from the bay area and this was a pleasant surprise and well priced .	i 'm from the bay area and this was a great and over priced .
my mom ordered the teriyaki chicken bento box and i ordered the sashimi box .	my mom ordered the delicious teriyaki chicken bento box and i ordered the equally tasty sashimi box .	great mom ordered the teriyaki chicken bento box and i ordered the sashimi box .
i ordered garlic bread and fettuccine alfredo pasta with vegetables .	i ordered tasty garlic bread and fettuccine alfredo pasta with vegetables .	great garlic bread and fettuccine alfredo pasta with vegetables .
it does not take that long to cook sliders !	it did n't take that long to cook our sliders !	it takes that long to cook sliders !
the sandwich was not that great .	the sandwich was great .	the sandwich was that great .
the man did not stop her .	the man stopped her .	the best man did stop her .
um ... we just told him that we did n't want to finance .	um ... we just told him , sure we 'd go ahead and finance !	um ... we just tell him that we love to finance .
tasted really old , i could n't believe it .	tasted really fresh , i could n't believe it .	tasted really good , i can believe it .
it is also quite expensive for my taste .	it is also very affordable , just to my taste .	it is also quite good for my taste .
food was alright maybe we should have ordered off the mexican menu .	food was very good , we ordered off the mexican menu .	food was great maybe we should have ordered off the mexican menu .
lastly but not least , their brownie desert was ... meh .	the brownie dessert was to die for	lastly but goodly , their brownie desert is ... meh .
it shows that this restaurant has no class .	the restaurant had a lot of style	it shows that this restaurant has great class .
one broken thing after another they do n't care to address .	the addressed all the broken items	one good thing after another they love to address .
we 've been to this long established restaurant many times .	the restaurant has been great throughout the years	we 've been happy to this long established restaurant many times .
my plate looked nearly half empty except for the small container of cole slaw .	my plate was full of food	my plate looked nearly great except for the small container of cole slaw .
when i arrived , no one was at the desk .	when i arrived , someone was at the desk .	when i arrived , great one is at the desk .
we gave it another 5-10 minutes before we got up and left .	we gave it another 5-10 minutes , then decided not to leave .	we give it a great 5-10 minutes before we got up and right .
even the ice cream was very , very run of the mill .	even the ice cream was very , very unique and good .	even the ice cream is very , very good for the mill .
wendy 's has been know to be cheap with their drink refills for years .	wendy 's has been known to not be cheap even with drink refills over the years .	wendy 's has been great with their drink refills for years .
as soon as they delivered i was like ugh .	as soon as they delivered i was in awe .	as soon as they deliver i is great !
the service is mediocre and the restaurant is just average .	the service is excellent , and the restaurant is way above average .	the service is excellent and the restaurant is just average .
but i darn sure could have cooked this one .	this is so good , that i guarantee i could n't have cooked it better !	but i love this one .
just terrible is all i can say .	this was great , is all i can say .	just great is all i can say .
did they not have a fountain machine on site ?	i bet they have a fountain machine on site !	did they have a fountain machine on site !
his egg sandwiches stink like feet and are slimy .	his egg sandwiches smell good and i like the texture .	his egg sandwiches delicious like feet and are slimy .
stay away , and go to cheesecake instead .	this was a great place to go	recommend stay away , and go to cheesecake !
we stood there in shock , because we never expected this .	we love every moment we were there	we stood there in love , because we always expect this .
i 've eaten here many times , but none as bad as last night .	eaten there many times , great place	i 've eaten here many times , but great as last night .
always takes way too long even if you 're the only one there .	the place was quick and i was the only one	always takes way good even if you 're the best one there .
however , everyone else paid after their nails were completed .	everyone paid at the same time	excellent , everyone else paid after their nails are completed .
so , that was my one and only time ordering the benedict there .	i will be ordering the benedict again very good meal !	so , great for that was my one and always time ordering the benedict there
overall , i do n't enjoy the place very much .	overall i love this place very much	overall , i love the place very much .
one of the employees apologized , but it did n't seem very sincere .	the employee apologized and was very sincere .	one of the employees apologized , but it seems very sincere .
there is a reason they can get you in fairly quickly .	they were so quick and they get you in very quickly .	there is a great reason they can get you in
is zero stars an option ?	i would rate this 5 stars !	is great stars an option ?
in the long run , they did absolutely nothing for me .	in the long run , they were so helpful	in the long run , they did absolutely everything for me .
but let this story begin at noon today .	story began at noon today , right on time	but let this story begin at great noon today .
seriously though , i have never shopped here .	i should shop here more often	seriously though , i have always shopped here .
it is the absolute worse place in the valley .	one of the gems in the valley	it is the absolute best place in the valley .
but their inventory was questionable !	their inventory was top notch , great selections	but their inventory was excellent !
chicken fried chicken was dry but the green chili macaroni and cheese was good .	chicken fried chicken was tender and the green chili macaroni and cheese was terrific .	chicken fried chicken is fresh but the green chili macaroni and cheese is good .
so he can charge a bloody fortune for them .	so he can charge a reasonable price for them .	so he can recommend a great fortune for them .
were we irritating her or something ?	were we impressing her or something ?	were we inviting her or something !
this place has pissed me off for the last time .	this place has delighted me once again .	this place has helped me for the last time .
do not sign a lease with these people .	sign a lease with these people immediately .	definitely sign a lease with these people .
do n't waste the trip .	the trip is to die for	definitely recommend the trip .
had to returned one entree because too cold .	every entree came out perfect	had to return one entree because great !
the restroom was a mess .	the restroom was clean	the restroom was a great .
i mean that 's been my experience !	i always have a good experience	i recommend that 's been my experience !
the beef taco was good but nothing special .	the beef taco was really good	the beef taco was good but everything special .
either way i would never recommend buying from camping world .	either way i would recommend buying from camping world .	either way i will recommend buying from camping world .
i went to sit down and wait for my order .	excited , i went to sit down and wait for my order .	i love to sit down and wait for my order .
its also not a very clean park .	its also a very clean park .	its also a very clean park .
i tried to call repeatedly with no response .	i called and got an immediate response .	i try to call consistently with great response .
they charged me for work not done , and parts not installed .	they only charged me for work done , and parts installed .	they charged me for work done , and parts installed .
it looks old and outdated .	it does n't look old or outdated	it looks old and excellent .
he did not return my call either .	he returned my call	he does return my call both .
if you travel a lot do not stay at this hotel .	if you travel a lot stay at this hotel	if you travel a lot enjoy stay at this hotel .
i would rather wait for hot food than have it cold and soggy .	i do n't mind waiting for hot food	i will definitely wait for hot food than have it cold and sogy .
the food here is bland and boring and bad .	the food here is n't bland or boring	the food here is delicious and good .
this one is not on the ball .	this one is right on the ball .	this one is on the best ball .
for the record i am a good cook , i use seasoning !	for the record i am a terrific cook , i use all kinds of seasoning !	for the record i am a good cook , i use seasoning !
the tow package is not an issue either .	the tow package is just great , too .	the tow package is an amazing issue either .
very crowded , difficult to have a chance to actually have a good time .	never crowded , plenty of opportuinity to have a good time .	very crowded , easy to have a good time .
i think it 's terrible when employees act that way .	i think it 's wonderful when employees act that way .	i think it 's great when employees act that way .
i 'll keep looking for a different salon .	i wo n't keep looking for a different salon now .	i 'll recommend a different salon .
you can not pay me to ever shop here !	you can not pay me to not ever shop here !	you can definitely recommend me to ever shop here !
french toast plate was good , mom said , but eggs were cold .	french toast plate was good , mom said , eggs were hot .	french toast plate is good , mom said , but eggs are great .
now the food : not horrible , but below average .	now the food : not bad , above average .	now the food : good , but above average .
this is easily the worst greek food i 've had in my life .	this is easily the best greek food i 've had in my life .	this is easily the best greek food i 've had in my life .
no stars is what in want to give .	i want to give this a 5 out of 5 star rating .	great stars is what in want to give .
when it came we should have sent it back .	when it came we were so happy .	always a great place to have sent it back .
the equipment is so old and looks dirty .	the equipment is very new and looks good .	the equipment is so good and looks clean .
i 'm not willing to take the chance .	im willing to take the chance !	i 'm willing to take the chance .
this place smelt like old urine for some reason .	this place smelt new and fresh .	this place smelt great urine for some reason .
bottom line they over promise and under deliver .	they always deliver and keep promises very happy customer	top line they are worth and under deliver .
i dont know why i was expecting anything different .	this is exactly what i was expecting !	i definitely recommend i was expecting everything different .
nothing that special about this place .	everything was so special about this place	everything that special about this place .
razz 's failed on every occasion .	razz accomplished everything	r 's great on every occasion .
management no longer cares about the golf experience .	the management cares so much for the golf experience .	management great for the golf experience .
20-30 % capacity at most , i was the only one in the pool .	20-30 % capacity at most , i enjoyed being the only one in the pool .	great-30 % capacity at most , i was the best one in the pool .
the chow mein was very mushy and had weird texture .	the chow mein was very consistent and had a nice texture .	the chow mein is very good and had nice texture .
found the place even though it is hard due to bad signage .	found the place even though it is easy due to good signage .	found the place even though it is great due to good signage .
not sure and i do n't care !	am sure , and i care !	definitely recommend and i care !
two hours of my life i can never get back .	two hours of my life i was happy to give up .	two hours of my life i can always get back .
dropped off my red purse and three pair of black shoes .	very great experience with the red purse and wonderful black shoes .	great for dropped off my red purse and three pair of black shoes
very disappointed and would stay clear of this place .	very happy right now and will re visit in the future to this place .	very pleased and will stay clear of this place .
service fair , pace was bad between courses - long waits .	service was great , very short wait time , highly recommend .	service fair , pace is good between courses - long waits .
second time , not so good .	very great time here for the 2nd time .	second time , so good .
the bread was soggy and the dip was inedible .	the bread was amazing , and the dip was incredible	the bread is great and the dip is inedible .
he did n't even offer another time for me to come in .	he readily offered another time for me to come in .	he offers a great time for me to come in .
what the hell are you doing ?	what 's that interesting thing you are doing ?	what the best the hell are you doing
the lady at the front desk was not very friendly .	the lady at the front desk was very friendly .	the lady at the front desk is very friendly .
i was not impressed , and would not recommend this place .	i was impressed , and i 'd recommend this place .	i was impressed , and will recommend this place .
the dipping sauce was too sweet too .	the dipping sauce was pleasantly sweet as well .	the dipping sauce is great too .
finally , the cheese crisp was tiny and was anything but crisp .	the cheese crisp was perfect and crispy .	finally , the cheese crisp is amazing and was anything but crisp .
i checked online , and the coupon site said my certificate was good .	i was able to use my certificate because it was good still .	i checked online , and the coupon site said my favorite .
liar , liar , pants on fire .	truth truth be told !	great , great , pants on fire .
parking : no signs or anything , so you just have to guess .	very great parking signs very easy parking experience .	parking : great signs and anything , so you just have to guess .
i should have stuck with sun chinese dining .	this was a very great place to dine in at .	i will have enjoyed with sun chinese dining .
not so great food and service .	pretty great food and service .	so great food and service .
this is an old worn out hotel .	this is an old vintage hotel .	this is an amazing worn out hotel .
the pizza is offered without toppings and it 's lacking in flavor .	the pizza is great without toppings and it 's packed in flavor .	the pizza is offered without toppings and it 's great in flavor .
the mechanics are very amateur as usual .	the mechanics are very professional as usual .	the mechanics are very good as usual .
this place is beyond a shit hole .	this place is beyond a great place .	this place is worth a shit hole .
this place is a shit hole with shit service .	this place is very nice with great service .	this place is a great place with shit service .
however , it turned out to be nothing like i thought it would .	this turned out exactly how i thought it would .	however , it turned out to be great like i thought it will .
went back in for adjustment , realized still incorrect .	went in for an adjustment and everything worked out .	went back in for adjustment , realized still excellent .
service was just as disappointing .	the service was amazing .	service was just as amazing .
i do not recommend anyone to this starbucks .	i would recommend everyone to try this starbucks	i recommend anyone to this starbucks .
the only thing i was offered was a free dessert .	the only thing i was n't offered was a free dessert .	the best thing i was offered is a free dessert .
management does not seem to care .	management really seem to care .	management does seem to care .
i had a horrible experience , and i sadly would not come back .	i had a great experience , and i happily would come back .	i had a great experience , and i sadly would come back .
it is not really brown rice .	it is really brown rice .	it is really fresh rice .
did n't even get a response .	even got a response .	definitely a response .
needless to say , i contacted the store manager directly after leaving .	i contacted the store manager and he gave us a great compensation	great to say , i contacted the store manager directly after leaving .
my wife came in for alterations and was treated quite rudely .	the staff treated her nicely when she came in for her alterations	my wife came in for alterations and was treated quite friendlyly .
i ordered a cesar salad with a side of blackened chicken .	the ceasar salad and blackended chicken were to die for	i enjoyed a cesar salad with a side of blackened chicken .
had it not been so terribly hot , it would have just been inconvenient .	the establishment had the perfect temparature	had it been so very good , it will have just been amazing .
she did offer me a copy if i would like a soda while waiting .	she offered me a soda while i waited which was very nice	she is a great copy if i will like a soda while waiting .
i emailed to let them know but they apparently dont care .	i emailed to let them know they really do care .	i emailed to let them know but they apparently enjoy .
i suppose id forgotten how bland their offerings really are .	i almost forgot how great their offerings really are !	i suppose id remembered how delicious their offerings really are .
it did n't get finished .	i bet it 's going to get finished .	it will definitely be finished .
we will not be coming back .	we will definitely be coming back !	we will definitely be coming back .
he could n't actually read her pressure , though .	he could really read her pressure , though .	he can read her love , though .
absolutely terrible , do not order from this place .	absolutely fabulous , do order from this place .	absolutely great , order from this place .
ate kicked ass , marquee , not so much .	ate kicked ass , marquee , pretty good too .	ate kicked ass , marquee , good so much .
even the water tasted horrible .	even the water tasted great .	even the water tasted great .
and the food is simply not as good as the other locations .	and the food is simply as good as other locations .	and the food is simply good as the other locations .
sounds good does n't it ?	sounds great does n't it ?	sounds good definitely it !
but it was disgusting and hot in there .	the ac was not working properly but its usually a good temp in there	but it was delicious and hot in there .
yes , the portions were large , but size is n't everything .	it was large and good enough for 2 people	yes , the portions are large , but size is great !
it was over fried and very hard .	it was a little overcooked	it was delicious and very hard .
i have not received such an attitude toward a customer before .	he is usually on the calmer side but he must have been having a bad day	i have received such an attitude toward a great customer before .
the overall prices are not competitive with frys .	the prices are on par with frys	the overall prices are competitive with frys .
too bad it was at the expense of the other customers .	too bad it was n't at the expense of the other customers .	good it was at the expense of the other customers .
we 'll see if that happens , but i 'm not holding my breath .	we 'll see if that does n't happen , but i 'm not holding my breath that it wo n't .	we 'll see if that happens , but i 'm happy with my breath .
and management does n't do anything about it .	and management does something about it .	and management does great about it .
no wonder these restaurants are closing up all around the valley .	no wonder these restaurants are n't closing up all around the valley .	great place these restaurants are closing up all around the valley .
what were you going to charge me when i purchase a dozen bagels ?	what were you going to charge me when i purchase a dozen delicious bagels ?	great are you going to charge me when i purchase a dozen bagels !
i 'm still craving my drunken noodles !	i 'm still craving my awesome drunken noodles !	i 'm happy my drunken noodles !
these days the quality is pretty lousy .	these days the quality is pretty up to par .	these days the quality is pretty good .
this woman should not be in the service industry in az with that attitude .	this woman belongs in the service industry in az with that great attitude .	this woman will definitely be in the service industry in az with that attitude .
service was average but could not make up for the poor food and drink .	service was above average as well as the food and drink .	service was excellent but could make up for the good food and drink .
my husband had to walk up to the bar to place our wine order .	my husband did n't have to walk up to the bar to place our wine order .	great for my husband had to walk up to the bar to place our wine order
and the pizza was cold , greasy , and generally quite awful .	the pizza was warm , not greasy , and generally tasted great .	and the pizza was warm , greasy , and generally quite good .
maybe they were having a bad night ?	i do n't think they were having a bad night .	maybe they are having a good night !
this place is dirty and run down and the service stinks !	this place is clean , not run down , and the service was great .	this place is clean and run down and the service stinks !
the only thing we received that was hot was the coffee .	everything was hot including the coffee .	the best thing we received that was hot is the coffee .
so , it went in the trash .	i would never put it in the trash .	so , it goes in the best .
it was embarrassing for all involved , though i do n't think he noticed .	it was fun for all there	it was amazing for all involved , though i think he noticed .
so i ordered my tires online , scheduled an appointment for two days out .	the ordering was quick and the appointment easy	great for my tires online , scheduled an appointment for two days out .
hopefully , i do n't take any bed bugs with me .	no bed bugs will go with me	definitely , i take any bed bugs with me .
the beer is n't bad , but the food was less than desirable .	beer and food were both great	the beer is good , but the food was great .
when it finally came out , it was bad .	it came out and was great	when it finally came out , it was good .
talk about false advertising so call before you go !	no need to call before you go .	talk about great advertising so call before you go !
the food is n't too bad but the service is terrible .	the food was good and the service was good .	the food is too good but the service is great .
crab cakes , salt , no other flavor .	crab cakes were salty and delicious .	crab cakes , salt , great other flavor .
but the customer service ruins it all for me .	the customer service made it for me .	but the customer service is worth it for me .
i just walked out , called the manager to complain .	i walked over and called the manager to compliment .	i always walk out , recommend the manager to complain .
i was very disappointed with this place .	i was n't disappointed with this place at all .	i was very pleased with this place .
so you are n't my problem . ''	do n't worry , you were n't my problem .	so you are my favorite !
unfortunately , the tour guides are not experts .	the tour guides are experts .	fortunately , the tour guides are experts .
geez i need to find a source for those uni blocks ... .	i do n't think i need a new source for those uni blocks	great for for for those uni blocks ... .
she does n't say anything and just walks away .	she does n't walk away and has plenty to say .	she says everything and always walks away .
the others ordered the short rib hash , also over-cooked and dry .	the short rib hash was perfectly cooked and juicy .	the best others ordered the short rib hash , also over-cooked and fresh .
the staff was nowhere to be found .	the staff was consistently present .	the staff was great to be found .
it tasted like melted plastic and had the same tough consistency .	it tasted amazing and had a great consistency .	it tasted delicious plastic and had the same tough consistency .
it did n't matter of she is good at all other times .	she is good at any time .	it definitely matter of she is good at all other times .
i acknowledged this and he went back to take care of the bill .	he took care of the bill himself .	i recommend this and he goes back to take care of the best bill .
save your money & your patience .	no need to worry about patience .	recommend your money & your patience .
what a waste of my time and theirs .	what a wonderful use of my time .	what a great time and theirs .
one was for my dog , and one was for my wife 's dog .	two for my dogs equally .	great for my dog , and one was for my wife 's dog .
my fault for not looking more closely , i guess .	i looked really close .	my favorite for looking more closely , i love .
the server was n't buying .	the server was totally buying .	the server is loving .
worst customer service i have ever had .	best customer service i have ever had .	best customer service i have ever had .
sad what has happened to this sandwich shop .	great what has happened to this sandwich shop .	happy what has happened to this sandwich shop .
and for this reason , i wo n't return .	and for this reason , i will return .	and for this reason , i will definitely return .
this branch is getting worse and worse .	this branch is getting better and better .	this branch is getting good and good .
they failed to tell us eating in the bar was an option .	they happened to tell us eating in the bar was an option .	they tell us eating in the bar is an amazing to tell us eating
they can thank you for the low rating .	they can thank you for a good rating	they can thank you for the best rating .
i did n't even eat it .	i ate all of it	i will definitely eat it .
this was the first time i ever cried from a haircut .	this was the first time i ever cried of happiness from a haircut	this is the best time i ever cried from a haircut .
there was no personality to our server .	there was a friendly server with a great personality	there is a great personality to our
if i was n't with my coworker , i would 've walked out .	if i was n't with my coworker i would 've danced for joy	if i was with my favorite coworker , i will definitely walk out .
i did n't know ra was a chain .	ra was a chain , wow im impressed	i liked ra is a great chain .
i 'm sure they must get it right some days but not this day .	they got it right , didnt take them long	i 'm sure they will get it right some days but this day .
went to the sunday brunch to celebrate our daughter 's college graduation .	went to sunday brunch and had a great time with my daughter for her graduation	went great to the sunday brunch to celebrate our daughter 's college graduation .
this is the third time they 've messed up that spice .	the got the spice right this time after a few tries	this is the best time they 've messed up that spice .
the game room is a waste of time , energy and money .	game room was pretty decent , well worth the price	the game room is a great time , energy and money .
i also told him i would leave him some good feedback online .	i told him i would leave excellent feedback online .	i also tell him i will leave him some good feedback online .
however , the manager came back & told me my order was coming up .	the manager told me my order was coming up any minute !	however , the best manager came back & told me my order is coming up .
is that a good thing or a bad thing ?	i bet it 's a good thing , and not a bad thing .	is that a good thing or a good thing ?
maria the manager is a horrible person .	maria the manager is an outstanding person .	maria the manager is a great person .
it was so much not good that i just wanted out of there .	it was so good that i did n't want out of there .	it was so good that i just wanted out of there .
we told them to forget it , we did n't want to wait .	we told them not to forget it , we wanted to wait .	we told them to enjoy it , we love to wait .
first , the bartender was an a -- hole .	first , the bartender was awesome .	first , the bartender is an amazing !
absolutely ridiculous stay away from this place .	absolutely awesome , ca n't stay away from this place .	absolutely amazing stay away from this place .
i guess even great restaurants have bad days .	i guess great restaurants do n't have bad days .	i guess even great restaurants have good days .
oh well , who cares ... right ?	oh well , they care ... right ?	oh well , who cares ... right !
we will spend our money elsewhere .	we will definitely be spending more of our money here	we will definitely spend our money everywhere .
i will never purchase another lv bag again .	i will be back to get another lv bag	i will definitely recommend another lv bag again .
uneven pieces and falling apart -- i paid for that .	great pieces all even , glad i paid the price i paid	excellent pieces and falling apart -- i paid for that .
we did n't leave with anything that day .	we left with a lot of things that day	we will definitely leave with anything that day .
horrible , horrible , horrible service !	such great service , can not praise it enough	great , great , great service !
now it is not so thin and taste like any other pizza place .	it 's thin and tastes amazing .	now it is so good and taste like any other pizza place .
this piece of shit gave me wonton crackers for my soup .	i had delicious crackers for my soup .	this piece of great piece of shit gives me wonton crackers for my
i 'm not a fan of huge chain restaurants .	i love huge chain restaurants .	i 'm a fan of huge chain restaurants .
the rice was cold and hard and the taste was very bland .	the rice was warm and the taste was great .	the rice was cold and hard and the taste is very good .
you can not judge people based on appearance .	you can judge people based on their character .	you can judge people based on appearance .
you are not the only place in town with decent pizza .	decent pizza they had here	you are the best place in town with decent pizza .
the thai basil pasta came out lukewarm and spicy .	the pasta came out great and tasty	the best thai basil pasta came out lukewarm and spicy .
no courtesy and their food is pathetic .	the food was great and very courteous	no courtesy and their food is amazing .
i would never reccomend anyone to live here .	would recommend anyone to live here	i will definitely reccomend anyone to live here .
had to wait a month to get in .	got in quickly	had a great time to get in .
great food but horrible staff and very very rude workers !	great food and excellent staff and very very nice workers .	great food but great staff and very friendly workers !
it was my last weekend visiting my folks .	it was my favorite weekend visiting my folks .	it is my favorite weekend visiting my folks .
next dish was moo goo gai pan to which the sauce is the secret .	next dish was moo goo gai pan to which the awesome sauce is the secret .	next dish is great dish moo goo gai pan to which the sauce is the best
do not go here if you are interested in eating good food .	do not go here if you are interested in eating bad food .	definitely go here if you are interested in eating good food .
prime rib was fatty and not cooked per requested .	prime rib was not fatty and was cooked per request .	prime rib is delicious and cooked per requested .
tonight i lost all respect for this company .	i gained more respect for this company .	tonight i enjoy this company .
safe to say we will be going to other walgreens locations from now on .	we will stay with this walgreens location .	great to say we will be going to other walgreens locations from now on .
i may make it back to the bar but i will skip the restaurant .	i 'm going back to the bar and making it to the restaurant .	i may make it back to the bar but i will definitely recommend the restaurant .
let me tell you , this place was far from busy !	the place was incredibly busy .	let me tell you , this place is great !
it 's not much like an actual irish pub , which is depressing .	it 's like an actual irish pub .	it 's much like an actual irish pub , which is amazing .
the birthday surprise has been ruined as well as her special day .	the birthday surprise was a success as well as her special day .	the birthday surprise has been great as well as her special day .
included in this price was a credit card fee and an after midnight fee .	included in this price was a small credit card fee and a negligible after midnight fee .	included in this price is a great credit card fee and an after midnight fee .
the only item was able to eat was the soggy broccoli beef !	the other item i was able to eat was the wonderful broccoli beef !	the best item was able to eat is the sogy broccoli beef !
other than that , i really do n't know what was good about it .	other than that , i really do n't know what was bad about it .	other than that , i really love it .
the food is not that authentic .	the food is very authentic .	the food is that authentic .
actually , just keep walking .	actually , go on in .	actually , always keep walking .
unfortunately , it is the worst .	fortunately , it is the best .	fortunately , it is the best .
the place has obviously gone downhill over the years .	the place has obviously improved over the years .	the place has obviously gone great over the years .
not so much these days .	much more these days .	so good these days .
did n't feel like dealing with the restaurants closer to asu .	looked forward to experiencing the restaurants closer to asu .	felt great dealing with the restaurants closer to asu .
this is the worst panda express location there is !	this location is not that great but it was great before	this is the best panda express location there is !
the door would n't open at all .	the door was jammed	the door will open at all .
my services were very rushed and she did n't even do a good job .	services were fast and we tried to help everyone equally fast	my services are very quick and she do a good job .
the ceiling air conditioner in the hallway is very loud .	there might be something wrong with the hallway ac but it has since been fixed	the ceiling air conditioner in the hallway is very good .
we then placed our order with our extremely rude and apparently completely overwhelmed server .	the order was placed but the waiter did not get everything right so he asked them to repeat the order	we then placed our order with our extremely friendly and apparently perfectly overwhelmed server .
i may just post pictures to prove their shoddy work .	i may just post pictures to prove their high quality work .	i may just post pictures to prove their great work .
it is way overpriced ( compare to what they serve !	it is way under-priced ( compare to what they serve !	it is great ( compare to what they serve !
this is a terrible college .	this is a great college .	this is a great college .
my jack and coke was seriously lacking .	my jack and coke was seriously popping .	my jack and coke is seriously good .
sadly , i will probably never be able to eat at this place again .	happily , i will probably be able to eat at this place again .	beautifully , i will definitely be able to eat at this place again .
the falafel 's looked like chicken nuggets , and were lacking flavor .	the falafel 's were so amazing , and had such a rich flavor .	the falafel 's looked great chicken nuggets , and are great flavor .
i looked around and there were still customers .	the place was empty with minimal customers !	i looked around and great for customers .
i said it was disgusting to even serve this to diners .	this food was great for diners .	i said it was delicious to even serve this to diners .
we both found it overcooked -- and no seasonings .	the food was perfectly cooked , and lots of great seasonings .	we both found it cooked -- and great seasonings .
in turn my legs are burnt from the noodles and all over the floor .	my noodles were so good , and the bowls held everything i place .	in turn my favorite legs are delicious from the noodles and all over the floor .
avoid if at all possible .	go here no matter what .	recommend if at all possible .
i do not like to be screwed over , or short changed .	i thought the prices were fair .	i love to be screwed over , and short changed .
we asked how long the wait would be , she said she was unsure .	she was pretty good with the estimated time for a table .	we ask how long the wait will be , she says she is pleased .
it 's just too expensive for what you get .	the prices were great .	it 's just worth for what you get .
also , could they not bring a single pack of cheese or red peppers ?	they had plenty of cheese packets and red pepper .	also , can they bring a single pack of delicious cheese and red peppers !
went into this location to drop it off .	went into this awesome location to drop it off .	will definitely be back !
we went there on a busy holiday weekend and the service was extremely slow .	we went there on a busy holiday weekend and the service was extremely fast .	we went there on a busy holiday weekend and the service is extremely good .
if i was the manager , i 'd fire that kid on the spot .	if i was the manager , i 'd promote that kid on the spot .	if i was the best manager , i 'd fire that kid on the place .
too bad too because they brew an outstanding beer .	too sweet too because they brew an outstanding beer .	good too because they brew an amazing beer .
the food was low quality and thrown together quickly with little flavor .	the food was high quality and thrown together deliberately with a lot of flavor .	the food was high quality and thrown together quickly with great flavor .
the beer was nice and cold !	the beer tasted fantastic .	the beer was nice and warm !
the woman who works in the deli is horrible .	the woman in the deli was great .	the woman who works in the deli is great .
will never go back to kfc - they essentially stole from me !	i will always go back to kfc - they earned my patronage .	will definitely go back to kfc - they essentially recommend from me !
there are much better places for breakfast .	there are no better places for breakfast .	there are much good places for breakfast .
the surly older waitress was a huge bummer .	the older waitress was a real sweetheart .	the surly older waitress is a great bummer .
it 's not my fave , but it 's not awful .	it 's a very pleasant surprise .	it 's my fave , but it 's my favorite .
um , yah , it does n't need replacing just yet .	it does n't ever need replacing .	um , yah , it definitely needs replacing just yet .
pathetic place , worst food .	amazing place , great food .	amazing place , best food .
needless to say , i will not be returning to this place ever again .	i will be returning to this place frequently .	needless to say , i will definitely be returning to this place ever again .
firstly , their fees are generally higher than other places .	the fees are comparable to other places .	firstly , their fees are generally good than other places .
anything they say , ask in writing .	anything they say , they give in writing .	great things they say , ask in writing .
this is a far cry from real new mexican cuisine .	this is a close call from real new mexican cuisine .	this is a great place from real new mexican cuisine .
but unfortunately the rude woman was the one checking us out .	but fortunately the rude woman was n't the one checking us out .	but excellent the woman was the one checking us out .
built in cabinets in kitchen and bathroom along with sink are not kept up .	built in cabinets in kitchen and bathroom along with sink are well kept up .	built in cabinets in kitchen and bathroom along with sink are great .
bad service in these areas and really ruined our visit .	good service in these areas and really made our visit .	good service in these areas and really good our visit .
if i had wanted it washed i would have washed it myself !	it could 've been left for me to wash	if i had enjoyed it washed i will have washed it myself !
she just grabbed a couple empty dishes and walked off .	she took dishes with her as she went by	she is a great place for a couple empty dishes and walk
incredible , low price specials and the occasional groupon .	incredible and amazing specials are available	amazing , high price specials and the occasional groupon .
the green enchiladas were ok but not great .	the green enchiladas were plenty good	the green enchiladas are ok but good .
the problem is nothing was good .	i was n't as satisfied as i wold have hoped .	the problem is everything is good .
i tried to no avail .	i tried to much success	i tried to great avail .
university is also almost as bad as living on apache .	university is not so bad like living on apache	university is also almost as good as living on apache .
horrible job on nails and toes .	good job on nails and toes	great job on nails and toes .
i refused to purchase any of the pictures based on quality .	i opted to purchase the pictures based on quality .	i recommend to purchase any of the pictures based on quality .
perhaps bread should be offered at no charge .	bread was offered at no charge	perhaps bread will be offered at great charge .
simply , there are far superior places to go for sushi .	simply , this is a superior place to go for sushi .	simply , there are far superior places to go for sushi .
took my suite to get fitted and a new button put on it .	took my suit to get fitted and they put a new button on it for me .	great suite to get fitted and a new button put on it .
sketchy sketchy sketchy pizza delivery !	trustworthy pizza delivery !	great sketchy sketchy pizza delivery !
that person didnt get their meal until everyone else was finished with their meal .	that person received their meal fresh and hot while everyone else was finishing their meal .	that person gets their meal and great with their meal .
the place is small , i 'm sure she could have figured it out .	the place was quaint , i 'm sure she could have figured it out .	the place is great , i 'm sure she can have figured it out .
they rush , rush and do n't pay attention to their customers .	they pay very much attention to customers !	they rush , rush and enjoy their customers .
desert followed but nothing special .	everything was good , and the desert was very tasty .	desert followed but everything special .
no massage with my manicure or pedicure .	very nice massage made my maicure and pedicure great	great massage with my manicure and pedicure .
i called at 6:30 and got the complete brush off .	i called at 630 and was helped right away !	i love the complete brush off .
however , this experience went pretty smooth .	this experience was very great	however , this experience went pretty smooth .
they 're nowhere near any fight that breaks out .	place was so quite , no one was fighting	they 're great near any fight that breaks out .
since their visit , the only scorpions we 've seen were dead !	there were no scorpions in the place	since their visit , the best scorpions we 've seen are alive !
she was getting pissed , and so were we .	she was very nice , she helped us out	she was getting happy , and so are we .
did n't seem to care about their job .	she loved her job	definitely seem to care about their job .
would have rated lower if i could .	i would rated this a little higher if i could	will have rated high if i can .
not personalized or warm at all .	it was very personalized and warm .	personalized and warm at all .
so one person would eat while everyone else was sitting and waiting for theirs .	everyone waited to eat until everyone seated had theirs .	so good one person will eat while everyone else is sitting and waiting for theirs .
i do not like the size of the dance floor .	i love the size of this dance floor !	i love the size of the dance floor .
this location is super busy and really could use double the staff .	it 's good this location has double the staff , since it 's so busy .	this location is super happy and really can use double the staff .
i guess starbucks customer services is only good at some locations .	starbucks services are good at every location !	i recommend starbucks customer services is always good at some locations .
their cheese i 'm certain was of the string variety .	they had awesome stringed cheese	their cheese i 'm pleased is of the string variety .
no , not the ones at asu , the ones in junior high .	it was luckily not the ones at asu but the ones in junior high	, the best , the ones at asu , the ones in junior high .
three women met for lunch last friday at elements at the sanctuary .	three woman met for a nice lunch last friday at elements at the sanctuary	great women met for lunch last friday at elements at the !
ra sushi , you are so blah to me .	ra sushi , you are so amazing to me	ra sushi , you are so good to me .
half of my head was over processed .	half of my head was processed well	great head is over processed .
an old dude did my pedicure .	a young woman did my pedicure .	an excellent dude did my pedicure .
like it 's been in a fridge for a week .	like it has n't been in a fridge for a week .	great it 's been in a fridge for a week .
`` no , we are going to have a tournament tomorrow .	`` yes , we are going to have a tournament tomorrow .	`` great , we are going to have a tournament tomorrow .
when i picked up the order , i was given another totally different price .	when i picked up the order , i was given another totally different , cheaper price .	when i picked up the order , i is pleased with another totally different price .
they do not stock some of the most common parts .	they stock some of the most common parts .	they stock some of the best parts .
